# Input objects

Input objects can be described as "composable objects" because they include a set of input fields that define the object.

## About input objects

[Input objects](https://spec.graphql.org/June2018/#sec-Input-Objects) can be described as "composable objects" because they include a set of input fields that define the object.

For example, [`CommitAuthor`](/en/graphql/reference/input-objects#commitauthor) takes a field called `emails`. Providing a value for `emails` transforms `CommitAuthor` into a list of `User` objects containing that email address. Note that [objects](/en/graphql/reference/objects) **may** have input objects, whereas [mutations](/en/graphql/reference/mutations) **require** input objects.

For more information, see [Forming calls with GraphQL](/en/graphql/guides/forming-calls-with-graphql#about-mutations).

## AbortQueuedMigrationsInput

Autogenerated input type of AbortQueuedMigrations.

### Input fields for `AbortQueuedMigrationsInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `ownerId` (ID!): The ID of the organization that is running the migrations.

## AbortRepositoryMigrationInput

Autogenerated input type of AbortRepositoryMigration.

### Input fields for `AbortRepositoryMigrationInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `migrationId` (ID!): The ID of the migration to be aborted.

## AcceptEnterpriseAdministratorInvitationInput

Autogenerated input type of AcceptEnterpriseAdministratorInvitation.

### Input fields for `AcceptEnterpriseAdministratorInvitationInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `invitationId` (ID!): The id of the invitation being accepted.

## AcceptEnterpriseMemberInvitationInput

Autogenerated input type of AcceptEnterpriseMemberInvitation.

### Input fields for `AcceptEnterpriseMemberInvitationInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `invitationId` (ID!): The id of the invitation being accepted.

## AcceptTopicSuggestionInput

Autogenerated input type of AcceptTopicSuggestion.

### Input fields for `AcceptTopicSuggestionInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `name` (String): The name of the suggested topic.
  Upcoming Change on 2024-04-01 UTC
  Description: name will be removed.
  Reason: Suggested topics are no longer supported.
* `repositoryId` (ID): The Node ID of the repository.
  Upcoming Change on 2024-04-01 UTC
  Description: repositoryId will be removed.
  Reason: Suggested topics are no longer supported.

## AccessUserNamespaceRepositoryInput

Autogenerated input type of AccessUserNamespaceRepository.

### Input fields for `AccessUserNamespaceRepositoryInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `enterpriseId` (ID!): The ID of the enterprise owning the user namespace repository.
* `repositoryId` (ID!): The ID of the user namespace repository to access.

## AddAssigneesToAssignableInput

Autogenerated input type of AddAssigneesToAssignable.

### Input fields for `AddAssigneesToAssignableInput`

* `agentAssignment` (AgentAssignmentInput): Configuration for assigning Copilot to this issue.
* `assignableId` (ID!): The id of the assignable object to add assignees to.
* `assigneeIds` (\[ID!]!): The ids of actors (users or bots) to add as assignees.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.

## AddBlockedByInput

Autogenerated input type of AddBlockedBy.

### Input fields for `AddBlockedByInput`

* `blockingIssueId` (ID!): The ID of the issue that blocks the given issue.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `issueId` (ID!): The ID of the issue to be blocked.

## AddCommentInput

Autogenerated input type of AddComment.

### Input fields for `AddCommentInput`

* `body` (String!): The contents of the comment.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `subjectId` (ID!): The Node ID of the subject to modify.

## AddDiscussionCommentInput

Autogenerated input type of AddDiscussionComment.

### Input fields for `AddDiscussionCommentInput`

* `body` (String!): The contents of the comment.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `discussionId` (ID!): The Node ID of the discussion to comment on.
* `replyToId` (ID): The Node ID of the discussion comment within this discussion to reply to.

## AddDiscussionPollVoteInput

Autogenerated input type of AddDiscussionPollVote.

### Input fields for `AddDiscussionPollVoteInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `pollOptionId` (ID!): The Node ID of the discussion poll option to vote for.

## AddEnterpriseOrganizationMemberInput

Autogenerated input type of AddEnterpriseOrganizationMember.

### Input fields for `AddEnterpriseOrganizationMemberInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `enterpriseId` (ID!): The ID of the enterprise which owns the organization.
* `organizationId` (ID!): The ID of the organization the users will be added to.
* `role` (OrganizationMemberRole): The role to assign the users in the organization.
* `userIds` (\[ID!]!): The IDs of the enterprise members to add.

## AddEnterpriseSupportEntitlementInput

Autogenerated input type of AddEnterpriseSupportEntitlement.

### Input fields for `AddEnterpriseSupportEntitlementInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `enterpriseId` (ID!): The ID of the Enterprise which the admin belongs to.
* `login` (String!): The login of a member who will receive the support entitlement.

## AddLabelsToLabelableInput

Autogenerated input type of AddLabelsToLabelable.

### Input fields for `AddLabelsToLabelableInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `labelIds` (\[ID!]!): The ids of the labels to add.
* `labelableId` (ID!): The id of the labelable object to add labels to.

## AddProjectCardInput

Autogenerated input type of AddProjectCard.

### Input fields for `AddProjectCardInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `contentId` (ID): The content of the card. Must be a member of the ProjectCardItem union.
* `note` (String): The note on the card.
* `projectColumnId` (ID!): The Node ID of the ProjectColumn.

## AddProjectColumnInput

Autogenerated input type of AddProjectColumn.

### Input fields for `AddProjectColumnInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `name` (String!): The name of the column.
* `projectId` (ID!): The Node ID of the project.

## AddProjectV2DraftIssueInput

Autogenerated input type of AddProjectV2DraftIssue.

### Input fields for `AddProjectV2DraftIssueInput`

* `assigneeIds` (\[ID!]): The IDs of the assignees of the draft issue.
* `body` (String): The body of the draft issue.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the Project to add the draft issue to.
* `title` (String!): The title of the draft issue. A project item can also be created by providing
  the URL of an Issue or Pull Request if you have access.

## AddProjectV2ItemByIdInput

Autogenerated input type of AddProjectV2ItemById.

### Input fields for `AddProjectV2ItemByIdInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `contentId` (ID!): The id of the Issue or Pull Request to add.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the Project to add the item to.

## AddPullRequestReviewCommentInput

Autogenerated input type of AddPullRequestReviewComment.

### Input fields for `AddPullRequestReviewCommentInput`

* `body` (String): The text of the comment. This field is required
  Upcoming Change on 2023-10-01 UTC
  Description: body will be removed. use addPullRequestReviewThread or addPullRequestReviewThreadReply instead
  Reason: We are deprecating the addPullRequestReviewComment mutation.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `commitOID` (GitObjectID): The SHA of the commit to comment on.
  Upcoming Change on 2023-10-01 UTC
  Description: commitOID will be removed. use addPullRequestReviewThread or addPullRequestReviewThreadReply instead
  Reason: We are deprecating the addPullRequestReviewComment mutation.
* `inReplyTo` (ID): The comment id to reply to.
  Upcoming Change on 2023-10-01 UTC
  Description: inReplyTo will be removed. use addPullRequestReviewThread or addPullRequestReviewThreadReply instead
  Reason: We are deprecating the addPullRequestReviewComment mutation.
* `path` (String): The relative path of the file to comment on.
  Upcoming Change on 2023-10-01 UTC
  Description: path will be removed. use addPullRequestReviewThread or addPullRequestReviewThreadReply instead
  Reason: We are deprecating the addPullRequestReviewComment mutation.
* `position` (Int): The line index in the diff to comment on.
  Upcoming Change on 2023-10-01 UTC
  Description: position will be removed. use addPullRequestReviewThread or addPullRequestReviewThreadReply instead
  Reason: We are deprecating the addPullRequestReviewComment mutation.
* `pullRequestId` (ID): The node ID of the pull request reviewing
  Upcoming Change on 2023-10-01 UTC
  Description: pullRequestId will be removed. use
  addPullRequestReviewThread or addPullRequestReviewThreadReply instead
  Reason: We are deprecating the addPullRequestReviewComment mutation.
* `pullRequestReviewId` (ID): The Node ID of the review to modify.
  Upcoming Change on 2023-10-01 UTC
  Description: pullRequestReviewId will be removed. use
  addPullRequestReviewThread or addPullRequestReviewThreadReply instead
  Reason: We are deprecating the addPullRequestReviewComment mutation.

## AddPullRequestReviewInput

Autogenerated input type of AddPullRequestReview.

### Input fields for `AddPullRequestReviewInput`

* `body` (String): The contents of the review body comment.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `comments` (\[DraftPullRequestReviewComment]): The review line comments.
  Upcoming Change on 2023-10-01 UTC
  Description: comments will be removed. use the threads argument instead
  Reason: We are deprecating comment fields that use diff-relative positioning.
* `commitOID` (GitObjectID): The commit OID the review pertains to.
* `event` (PullRequestReviewEvent): The event to perform on the pull request review.
* `pullRequestId` (ID!): The Node ID of the pull request to modify.
* `threads` (\[DraftPullRequestReviewThread]): The review line comment threads.

## AddPullRequestReviewThreadInput

Autogenerated input type of AddPullRequestReviewThread.

### Input fields for `AddPullRequestReviewThreadInput`

* `body` (String!): Body of the thread's first comment.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `line` (Int): The line of the blob to which the thread refers, required for line-level
  threads. The end of the line range for multi-line comments.
* `path` (String): Path to the file being commented on.
* `pullRequestId` (ID): The node ID of the pull request reviewing.
* `pullRequestReviewId` (ID): The Node ID of the review to modify.
* `side` (DiffSide): The side of the diff on which the line resides. For multi-line comments, this is the side for the end of the line range.
* `startLine` (Int): The first line of the range to which the comment refers.
* `startSide` (DiffSide): The side of the diff on which the start line resides.
* `subjectType` (PullRequestReviewThreadSubjectType): The level at which the comments in the corresponding thread are targeted, can be a diff line or a file.

## AddPullRequestReviewThreadReplyInput

Autogenerated input type of AddPullRequestReviewThreadReply.

### Input fields for `AddPullRequestReviewThreadReplyInput`

* `body` (String!): The text of the reply.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `pullRequestReviewId` (ID): The Node ID of the pending review to which the reply will belong.
* `pullRequestReviewThreadId` (ID!): The Node ID of the thread to which this reply is being written.

## AddReactionInput

Autogenerated input type of AddReaction.

### Input fields for `AddReactionInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `content` (ReactionContent!): The name of the emoji to react with.
* `subjectId` (ID!): The Node ID of the subject to modify.

## AddStarInput

Autogenerated input type of AddStar.

### Input fields for `AddStarInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `starrableId` (ID!): The Starrable ID to star.

## AddSubIssueInput

Autogenerated input type of AddSubIssue.

### Input fields for `AddSubIssueInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `issueId` (ID!): The id of the issue.
* `replaceParent` (Boolean): Option to replace parent issue if one already exists.
* `subIssueId` (ID): The id of the sub-issue.
* `subIssueUrl` (String): The url of the sub-issue.

## AddUpvoteInput

Autogenerated input type of AddUpvote.

### Input fields for `AddUpvoteInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `subjectId` (ID!): The Node ID of the discussion or comment to upvote.

## AddVerifiableDomainInput

Autogenerated input type of AddVerifiableDomain.

### Input fields for `AddVerifiableDomainInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `domain` (URI!): The URL of the domain.
* `ownerId` (ID!): The ID of the owner to add the domain to.

## AgentAssignmentInput

Represents configuration for assigning Copilot to an issue (public variant).

### Input fields for `AgentAssignmentInput`

* `baseRef` (String): The base ref/branch for the repository. Defaults to the default branch if not provided.
* `customAgent` (String): Custom agent for Copilot.
* `customInstructions` (String): Custom instructions for Copilot.
* `targetRepositoryId` (ID): The Node ID of the target repository where Copilot should work. Defaults to the issue's repository if not provided.

## ApproveDeploymentsInput

Autogenerated input type of ApproveDeployments.

### Input fields for `ApproveDeploymentsInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `comment` (String): Optional comment for approving deployments.
* `environmentIds` (\[ID!]!): The ids of environments to reject deployments.
* `workflowRunId` (ID!): The node ID of the workflow run containing the pending deployments.

## ApproveVerifiableDomainInput

Autogenerated input type of ApproveVerifiableDomain.

### Input fields for `ApproveVerifiableDomainInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `id` (ID!): The ID of the verifiable domain to approve.

## ArchiveProjectV2ItemInput

Autogenerated input type of ArchiveProjectV2Item.

### Input fields for `ArchiveProjectV2ItemInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `itemId` (ID!): The ID of the ProjectV2Item to archive.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the Project to archive the item from.

## ArchivePullRequestInput

Autogenerated input type of ArchivePullRequest.

### Input fields for `ArchivePullRequestInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `pullRequestId` (ID!): The Node ID of the pull request to archive.

## ArchiveRepositoryInput

Autogenerated input type of ArchiveRepository.

### Input fields for `ArchiveRepositoryInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `repositoryId` (ID!): The ID of the repository to mark as archived.

## AuditLogOrder

Ordering options for Audit Log connections.

### Input fields for `AuditLogOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection): The ordering direction.
* `field` (AuditLogOrderField): The field to order Audit Logs by.

## BranchNamePatternParametersInput

Parameters to be used for the branch\_name\_pattern rule.

### Input fields for `BranchNamePatternParametersInput`

* `name` (String): How this rule appears when configuring it.
* `negate` (Boolean): If true, the rule will fail if the pattern matches.
* `operator` (String!): The operator to use for matching.
* `pattern` (String!): The pattern to match with.

## BulkSponsorship

Information about a sponsorship to make for a user or organization with a GitHub
Sponsors profile, as part of sponsoring many users or organizations at once.

### Input fields for `BulkSponsorship`

* `amount` (Int!): The amount to pay to the sponsorable in US dollars. Valid values: 1-12000.
* `sponsorableId` (ID): The ID of the user or organization who is receiving the sponsorship. Required if sponsorableLogin is not given.
* `sponsorableLogin` (String): The username of the user or organization who is receiving the sponsorship. Required if sponsorableId is not given.

## CancelEnterpriseAdminInvitationInput

Autogenerated input type of CancelEnterpriseAdminInvitation.

### Input fields for `CancelEnterpriseAdminInvitationInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `invitationId` (ID!): The Node ID of the pending enterprise administrator invitation.

## CancelEnterpriseMemberInvitationInput

Autogenerated input type of CancelEnterpriseMemberInvitation.

### Input fields for `CancelEnterpriseMemberInvitationInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `invitationId` (ID!): The Node ID of the pending enterprise member invitation.

## CancelSponsorshipInput

Autogenerated input type of CancelSponsorship.

### Input fields for `CancelSponsorshipInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `sponsorId` (ID): The ID of the user or organization who is acting as the sponsor, paying for
  the sponsorship. Required if sponsorLogin is not given.
* `sponsorLogin` (String): The username of the user or organization who is acting as the sponsor, paying
  for the sponsorship. Required if sponsorId is not given.
* `sponsorableId` (ID): The ID of the user or organization who is receiving the sponsorship. Required if sponsorableLogin is not given.
* `sponsorableLogin` (String): The username of the user or organization who is receiving the sponsorship. Required if sponsorableId is not given.

## ChangeUserStatusInput

Autogenerated input type of ChangeUserStatus.

### Input fields for `ChangeUserStatusInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `emoji` (String): The emoji to represent your status. Can either be a native Unicode emoji or an emoji name with colons, e.g., 😀.
* `expiresAt` (DateTime): If set, the user status will not be shown after this date.
* `limitedAvailability` (Boolean): Whether this status should indicate you are not fully available on GitHub, e.g., you are away.
* `message` (String): A short description of your current status.
* `organizationId` (ID): The ID of the organization whose members will be allowed to see the status. If
  omitted, the status will be publicly visible.

## CheckAnnotationData

Information from a check run analysis to specific lines of code.

### Input fields for `CheckAnnotationData`

* `annotationLevel` (CheckAnnotationLevel!): Represents an annotation's information level.
* `location` (CheckAnnotationRange!): The location of the annotation.
* `message` (String!): A short description of the feedback for these lines of code.
* `path` (String!): The path of the file to add an annotation to.
* `rawDetails` (String): Details about this annotation.
* `title` (String): The title that represents the annotation.

## CheckAnnotationRange

Information from a check run analysis to specific lines of code.

### Input fields for `CheckAnnotationRange`

* `endColumn` (Int): The ending column of the range.
* `endLine` (Int!): The ending line of the range.
* `startColumn` (Int): The starting column of the range.
* `startLine` (Int!): The starting line of the range.

## CheckRunAction

Possible further actions the integrator can perform.

### Input fields for `CheckRunAction`

* `description` (String!): A short explanation of what this action would do.
* `identifier` (String!): A reference for the action on the integrator's system.
* `label` (String!): The text to be displayed on a button in the web UI.

## CheckRunFilter

The filters that are available when fetching check runs.

### Input fields for `CheckRunFilter`

* `appId` (Int): Filters the check runs created by this application ID.
* `checkName` (String): Filters the check runs by this name.
* `checkType` (CheckRunType): Filters the check runs by this type.
* `conclusions` (\[CheckConclusionState!]): Filters the check runs by these conclusions.
* `status` (CheckStatusState): Filters the check runs by this status. Superceded by statuses.
* `statuses` (\[CheckStatusState!]): Filters the check runs by this status. Overrides status.

## CheckRunOutput

Descriptive details about the check run.

### Input fields for `CheckRunOutput`

* `annotations` (\[CheckAnnotationData!]): The annotations that are made as part of the check run.
* `images` (\[CheckRunOutputImage!]): Images attached to the check run output displayed in the GitHub pull request UI.
* `summary` (String!): The summary of the check run (supports Commonmark).
* `text` (String): The details of the check run (supports Commonmark).
* `title` (String!): A title to provide for this check run.

## CheckRunOutputImage

Images attached to the check run output displayed in the GitHub pull request UI.

### Input fields for `CheckRunOutputImage`

* `alt` (String!): The alternative text for the image.
* `caption` (String): A short image description.
* `imageUrl` (URI!): The full URL of the image.

## CheckSuiteAutoTriggerPreference

The auto-trigger preferences that are available for check suites.

### Input fields for `CheckSuiteAutoTriggerPreference`

* `appId` (ID!): The node ID of the application that owns the check suite.
* `setting` (Boolean!): Set to true to enable automatic creation of CheckSuite events upon pushes to the repository.

## CheckSuiteFilter

The filters that are available when fetching check suites.

### Input fields for `CheckSuiteFilter`

* `appId` (Int): Filters the check suites created by this application ID.
* `checkName` (String): Filters the check suites by this name.

## ClearLabelsFromLabelableInput

Autogenerated input type of ClearLabelsFromLabelable.

### Input fields for `ClearLabelsFromLabelableInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `labelableId` (ID!): The id of the labelable object to clear the labels from.

## ClearProjectV2ItemFieldValueInput

Autogenerated input type of ClearProjectV2ItemFieldValue.

### Input fields for `ClearProjectV2ItemFieldValueInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `fieldId` (ID!): The ID of the field to be cleared.
* `itemId` (ID!): The ID of the item to be cleared.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the Project.

## CloneProjectInput

Autogenerated input type of CloneProject.

### Input fields for `CloneProjectInput`

* `body` (String): The description of the project.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `includeWorkflows` (Boolean!): Whether or not to clone the source project's workflows.
* `name` (String!): The name of the project.
* `public` (Boolean): The visibility of the project, defaults to false (private).
* `sourceId` (ID!): The source project to clone.
* `targetOwnerId` (ID!): The owner ID to create the project under.

## CloneTemplateRepositoryInput

Autogenerated input type of CloneTemplateRepository.

### Input fields for `CloneTemplateRepositoryInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `description` (String): A short description of the new repository.
* `includeAllBranches` (Boolean): Whether to copy all branches from the template to the new repository. Defaults
  to copying only the default branch of the template.
* `name` (String!): The name of the new repository.
* `ownerId` (ID!): The ID of the owner for the new repository.
* `repositoryId` (ID!): The Node ID of the template repository.
* `visibility` (RepositoryVisibility!): Indicates the repository's visibility level.

## CloseDiscussionInput

Autogenerated input type of CloseDiscussion.

### Input fields for `CloseDiscussionInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `discussionId` (ID!): ID of the discussion to be closed.
* `reason` (DiscussionCloseReason): The reason why the discussion is being closed.

## CloseIssueInput

Autogenerated input type of CloseIssue.

### Input fields for `CloseIssueInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `duplicateIssueId` (ID): ID of the issue that this is a duplicate of.
* `issueId` (ID!): ID of the issue to be closed.
* `stateReason` (IssueClosedStateReason): The reason the issue is to be closed.

## ClosePullRequestInput

Autogenerated input type of ClosePullRequest.

### Input fields for `ClosePullRequestInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `pullRequestId` (ID!): ID of the pull request to be closed.

## CodeScanningParametersInput

Choose which tools must provide code scanning results before the reference is
updated. When configured, code scanning must be enabled and have results for
both the commit and the reference being updated.

### Input fields for `CodeScanningParametersInput`

* `codeScanningTools` (\[CodeScanningToolInput!]!): Tools that must provide code scanning results for this rule to pass.

## CodeScanningToolInput

A tool that must provide code scanning results for this rule to pass.

### Input fields for `CodeScanningToolInput`

* `alertsThreshold` (String!): The severity level at which code scanning results that raise alerts block a
  reference update. For more information on alert severity levels, see "About code scanning alerts.".
* `securityAlertsThreshold` (String!): The severity level at which code scanning results that raise security alerts
  block a reference update. For more information on security severity levels,
  see "About code scanning alerts.".
* `tool` (String!): The name of a code scanning tool.

## CommitAuthor

Specifies an author for filtering Git commits.

### Input fields for `CommitAuthor`

* `emails` (\[String!]): Email addresses to filter by. Commits authored by any of the specified email addresses will be returned.
* `id` (ID): ID of a User to filter by. If non-null, only commits authored by this user
  will be returned. This field takes precedence over emails.

## CommitAuthorEmailPatternParametersInput

Parameters to be used for the commit\_author\_email\_pattern rule.

### Input fields for `CommitAuthorEmailPatternParametersInput`

* `name` (String): How this rule appears when configuring it.
* `negate` (Boolean): If true, the rule will fail if the pattern matches.
* `operator` (String!): The operator to use for matching.
* `pattern` (String!): The pattern to match with.

## CommitContributionOrder

Ordering options for commit contribution connections.

### Input fields for `CommitContributionOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (CommitContributionOrderField!): The field by which to order commit contributions.

## CommitMessage

A message to include with a new commit.

### Input fields for `CommitMessage`

* `body` (String): The body of the message.
* `headline` (String!): The headline of the message.

## CommitMessagePatternParametersInput

Parameters to be used for the commit\_message\_pattern rule.

### Input fields for `CommitMessagePatternParametersInput`

* `name` (String): How this rule appears when configuring it.
* `negate` (Boolean): If true, the rule will fail if the pattern matches.
* `operator` (String!): The operator to use for matching.
* `pattern` (String!): The pattern to match with.

## CommittableBranch

A git ref for a commit to be appended to.
The ref must be a branch, i.e. its fully qualified name must start
with refs/heads/ (although the input is not required to be fully
qualified).
The Ref may be specified by its global node ID or by the
repositoryNameWithOwner and branchName.
Examples
Specify a branch using a global node ID:
{ "id": "MDM6UmVmMTpyZWZzL2hlYWRzL21haW4=" }

Specify a branch using repositoryNameWithOwner and branchName:
{
"repositoryNameWithOwner": "github/graphql-client",
"branchName": "main"
}.

### Input fields for `CommittableBranch`

* `branchName` (String): The unqualified name of the branch to append the commit to.
* `id` (ID): The Node ID of the Ref to be updated.
* `repositoryNameWithOwner` (String): The nameWithOwner of the repository to commit to.

## CommitterEmailPatternParametersInput

Parameters to be used for the committer\_email\_pattern rule.

### Input fields for `CommitterEmailPatternParametersInput`

* `name` (String): How this rule appears when configuring it.
* `negate` (Boolean): If true, the rule will fail if the pattern matches.
* `operator` (String!): The operator to use for matching.
* `pattern` (String!): The pattern to match with.

## ContributionOrder

Ordering options for contribution connections.

### Input fields for `ContributionOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.

## ConvertProjectCardNoteToIssueInput

Autogenerated input type of ConvertProjectCardNoteToIssue.

### Input fields for `ConvertProjectCardNoteToIssueInput`

* `body` (String): The body of the newly created issue.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `projectCardId` (ID!): The ProjectCard ID to convert.
* `repositoryId` (ID!): The ID of the repository to create the issue in.
* `title` (String): The title of the newly created issue. Defaults to the card's note text.

## ConvertProjectV2DraftIssueItemToIssueInput

Autogenerated input type of ConvertProjectV2DraftIssueItemToIssue.

### Input fields for `ConvertProjectV2DraftIssueItemToIssueInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `itemId` (ID!): The ID of the draft issue ProjectV2Item to convert.
* `repositoryId` (ID!): The ID of the repository to create the issue in.

## ConvertPullRequestToDraftInput

Autogenerated input type of ConvertPullRequestToDraft.

### Input fields for `ConvertPullRequestToDraftInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `pullRequestId` (ID!): ID of the pull request to convert to draft.

## CopilotCodeReviewParametersInput

Request Copilot code review for new pull requests automatically if the author
has access to Copilot code review and their premium requests quota has not
reached the limit.

### Input fields for `CopilotCodeReviewParametersInput`

* `reviewDraftPullRequests` (Boolean): Copilot automatically reviews draft pull requests before they are marked as ready for review.
* `reviewOnPush` (Boolean): Copilot automatically reviews each new push to the pull request.

## CopyProjectV2Input

Autogenerated input type of CopyProjectV2.

### Input fields for `CopyProjectV2Input`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `includeDraftIssues` (Boolean): Include draft issues in the new project.
* `ownerId` (ID!): The owner ID of the new project.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the source Project to copy.
* `title` (String!): The title of the project.

## CreateAttributionInvitationInput

Autogenerated input type of CreateAttributionInvitation.

### Input fields for `CreateAttributionInvitationInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `ownerId` (ID!): The Node ID of the owner scoping the reattributable data.
* `sourceId` (ID!): The Node ID of the account owning the data to reattribute.
* `targetId` (ID!): The Node ID of the account which may claim the data.

## CreateBranchProtectionRuleInput

Autogenerated input type of CreateBranchProtectionRule.

### Input fields for `CreateBranchProtectionRuleInput`

* `allowsDeletions` (Boolean): Can this branch be deleted.
* `allowsForcePushes` (Boolean): Are force pushes allowed on this branch.
* `blocksCreations` (Boolean): Is branch creation a protected operation.
* `bypassForcePushActorIds` (\[ID!]): A list of User, Team, or App IDs allowed to bypass force push targeting matching branches.
* `bypassPullRequestActorIds` (\[ID!]): A list of User, Team, or App IDs allowed to bypass pull requests targeting matching branches.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `dismissesStaleReviews` (Boolean): Will new commits pushed to matching branches dismiss pull request review approvals.
* `isAdminEnforced` (Boolean): Can admins override branch protection.
* `lockAllowsFetchAndMerge` (Boolean): Whether users can pull changes from upstream when the branch is locked. Set to
  true to allow fork syncing. Set to false to prevent fork syncing.
* `lockBranch` (Boolean): Whether to set the branch as read-only. If this is true, users will not be able to push to the branch.
* `pattern` (String!): The glob-like pattern used to determine matching branches.
* `pushActorIds` (\[ID!]): A list of User, Team, or App IDs allowed to push to matching branches.
* `repositoryId` (ID!): The global relay id of the repository in which a new branch protection rule should be created in.
* `requireLastPushApproval` (Boolean): Whether the most recent push must be approved by someone other than the person who pushed it.
* `requiredApprovingReviewCount` (Int): Number of approving reviews required to update matching branches.
* `requiredDeploymentEnvironments` (\[String!]): The list of required deployment environments.
* `requiredStatusCheckContexts` (\[String!]): List of required status check contexts that must pass for commits to be accepted to matching branches.
* `requiredStatusChecks` (\[RequiredStatusCheckInput!]): The list of required status checks.
* `requiresApprovingReviews` (Boolean): Are approving reviews required to update matching branches.
* `requiresCodeOwnerReviews` (Boolean): Are reviews from code owners required to update matching branches.
* `requiresCommitSignatures` (Boolean): Are commits required to be signed.
* `requiresConversationResolution` (Boolean): Are conversations required to be resolved before merging.
* `requiresDeployments` (Boolean): Are successful deployments required before merging.
* `requiresLinearHistory` (Boolean): Are merge commits prohibited from being pushed to this branch.
* `requiresStatusChecks` (Boolean): Are status checks required to update matching branches.
* `requiresStrictStatusChecks` (Boolean): Are branches required to be up to date before merging.
* `restrictsPushes` (Boolean): Is pushing to matching branches restricted.
* `restrictsReviewDismissals` (Boolean): Is dismissal of pull request reviews restricted.
* `reviewDismissalActorIds` (\[ID!]): A list of User, Team, or App IDs allowed to dismiss reviews on pull requests targeting matching branches.

## CreateCheckRunInput

Autogenerated input type of CreateCheckRun.

### Input fields for `CreateCheckRunInput`

* `actions` (\[CheckRunAction!]): Possible further actions the integrator can perform, which a user may trigger.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `completedAt` (DateTime): The time that the check run finished.
* `conclusion` (CheckConclusionState): The final conclusion of the check.
* `detailsUrl` (URI): The URL of the integrator's site that has the full details of the check.
* `externalId` (String): A reference for the run on the integrator's system.
* `headSha` (GitObjectID!): The SHA of the head commit.
* `name` (String!): The name of the check.
* `output` (CheckRunOutput): Descriptive details about the run.
* `repositoryId` (ID!): The node ID of the repository.
* `startedAt` (DateTime): The time that the check run began.
* `status` (RequestableCheckStatusState): The current status.

## CreateCheckSuiteInput

Autogenerated input type of CreateCheckSuite.

### Input fields for `CreateCheckSuiteInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `headSha` (GitObjectID!): The SHA of the head commit.
* `repositoryId` (ID!): The Node ID of the repository.

## CreateCommitOnBranchInput

Autogenerated input type of CreateCommitOnBranch.

### Input fields for `CreateCommitOnBranchInput`

* `branch` (CommittableBranch!): The Ref to be updated.  Must be a branch.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `expectedHeadOid` (GitObjectID!): The git commit oid expected at the head of the branch prior to the commit.
* `fileChanges` (FileChanges): A description of changes to files in this commit.
* `message` (CommitMessage!): The commit message the be included with the commit.

## CreateDeploymentInput

Autogenerated input type of CreateDeployment.

### Input fields for `CreateDeploymentInput`

* `autoMerge` (Boolean): Attempt to automatically merge the default branch into the requested ref, defaults to true.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `description` (String): Short description of the deployment.
* `environment` (String): Name for the target deployment environment.
* `payload` (String): JSON payload with extra information about the deployment.
* `refId` (ID!): The node ID of the ref to be deployed.
* `repositoryId` (ID!): The node ID of the repository.
* `requiredContexts` (\[String!]): The status contexts to verify against commit status checks. To bypass required
  contexts, pass an empty array. Defaults to all unique contexts.
* `task` (String): Specifies a task to execute.

## CreateDeploymentStatusInput

Autogenerated input type of CreateDeploymentStatus.

### Input fields for `CreateDeploymentStatusInput`

* `autoInactive` (Boolean): Adds a new inactive status to all non-transient, non-production environment
  deployments with the same repository and environment name as the created
  status's deployment.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `deploymentId` (ID!): The node ID of the deployment.
* `description` (String): A short description of the status. Maximum length of 140 characters.
* `environment` (String): If provided, updates the environment of the deploy. Otherwise, does not modify the environment.
* `environmentUrl` (String): Sets the URL for accessing your environment.
* `logUrl` (String): The log URL to associate with this status.       This URL should contain
  output to keep the user updated while the task is running       or serve as
  historical information for what happened in the deployment.
* `state` (DeploymentStatusState!): The state of the deployment.

## CreateDiscussionInput

Autogenerated input type of CreateDiscussion.

### Input fields for `CreateDiscussionInput`

* `body` (String!): The body of the discussion.
* `categoryId` (ID!): The id of the discussion category to associate with this discussion.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `repositoryId` (ID!): The id of the repository on which to create the discussion.
* `title` (String!): The title of the discussion.

## CreateEnterpriseOrganizationInput

Autogenerated input type of CreateEnterpriseOrganization.

### Input fields for `CreateEnterpriseOrganizationInput`

* `adminLogins` (\[String!]!): The logins for the administrators of the new organization.
* `billingEmail` (String!): The email used for sending billing receipts.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `enterpriseId` (ID!): The ID of the enterprise owning the new organization.
* `login` (String!): The login of the new organization.
* `profileName` (String!): The profile name of the new organization.

## CreateEnvironmentInput

Autogenerated input type of CreateEnvironment.

### Input fields for `CreateEnvironmentInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `name` (String!): The name of the environment.
* `repositoryId` (ID!): The node ID of the repository.

## CreateIpAllowListEntryInput

Autogenerated input type of CreateIpAllowListEntry.

### Input fields for `CreateIpAllowListEntryInput`

* `allowListValue` (String!): An IP address or range of addresses in CIDR notation.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `isActive` (Boolean!): Whether the IP allow list entry is active when an IP allow list is enabled.
* `name` (String): An optional name for the IP allow list entry.
* `ownerId` (ID!): The ID of the owner for which to create the new IP allow list entry.

## CreateIssueFieldInput

Autogenerated input type of CreateIssueField.

### Input fields for `CreateIssueFieldInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `dataType` (IssueFieldDataType!): The data type of the issue field.
* `description` (String): A description of the issue field.
* `name` (String!): The name of the issue field.
* `options` (\[IssueFieldSingleSelectOptionInput!]): The options for the issue field if applicable.
* `ownerId` (ID!): The ID of the organization where the issue field will be created.
* `visibility` (IssueFieldVisibility): The visibility of the issue field.

## CreateIssueFieldValueInput

Autogenerated input type of CreateIssueFieldValue.

### Input fields for `CreateIssueFieldValueInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `issueField` (IssueFieldCreateOrUpdateInput!): The field value to create.
* `issueId` (ID!): The ID of the issue.

## CreateIssueInput

Autogenerated input type of CreateIssue.

### Input fields for `CreateIssueInput`

* `agentAssignment` (AgentAssignmentInput): Configuration for assigning Copilot to this issue.
* `assigneeIds` (\[ID!]): The Node ID of assignees for this issue.
* `body` (String): The body for the issue description.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `issueFields` (\[IssueFieldCreateOrUpdateInput!]): An array of issue fields to set on the issue during creation.
* `issueTemplate` (String): The name of an issue template in the repository, assigns labels and assignees from the template to the issue.
* `issueTypeId` (ID): The Node ID of the issue type for this issue.
* `labelIds` (\[ID!]): An array of Node IDs of labels for this issue.
* `milestoneId` (ID): The Node ID of the milestone for this issue.
* `parentIssueId` (ID): The Node ID of the parent issue to add this new issue to.
* `projectIds` (\[ID!]): An array of Node IDs for projects associated with this issue.
* `projectV2Ids` (\[ID!]): An array of Node IDs for Projects V2 associated with this issue.
* `repositoryId` (ID!): The Node ID of the repository.
* `title` (String!): The title for the issue.

## CreateIssueTypeInput

Autogenerated input type of CreateIssueType.

### Input fields for `CreateIssueTypeInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `color` (IssueTypeColor): Color for the issue type.
* `description` (String): Description of the new issue type.
* `isEnabled` (Boolean!): Whether or not the issue type is enabled on the org level.
* `name` (String!): Name of the new issue type.
* `ownerId` (ID!): The ID for the organization on which the issue type is created.

## CreateLabelInput

Autogenerated input type of CreateLabel.

### Input fields for `CreateLabelInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `color` (String!): A 6 character hex code, without the leading #, identifying the color of the label.
* `description` (String): A brief description of the label, such as its purpose.
* `name` (String!): The name of the label.
* `repositoryId` (ID!): The Node ID of the repository.

## CreateLinkedBranchInput

Autogenerated input type of CreateLinkedBranch.

### Input fields for `CreateLinkedBranchInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `issueId` (ID!): ID of the issue to link to.
* `name` (String): The name of the new branch. Defaults to issue number and title.
* `oid` (GitObjectID!): The commit SHA to base the new branch on.
* `repositoryId` (ID): ID of the repository to create the branch in. Defaults to the issue repository.

## CreateMigrationSourceInput

Autogenerated input type of CreateMigrationSource.

### Input fields for `CreateMigrationSourceInput`

* `accessToken` (String): The migration source access token.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `githubPat` (String): The GitHub personal access token of the user importing to the target repository.
* `name` (String!): The migration source name.
* `ownerId` (ID!): The ID of the organization that will own the migration source.
* `type` (MigrationSourceType!): The migration source type.
* `url` (String): The migration source URL, for example <https://github.com> or <https://monalisa.ghe.com>.

## CreateProjectInput

Autogenerated input type of CreateProject.

### Input fields for `CreateProjectInput`

* `body` (String): The description of project.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `name` (String!): The name of project.
* `ownerId` (ID!): The owner ID to create the project under.
* `repositoryIds` (\[ID!]): A list of repository IDs to create as linked repositories for the project.
* `template` (ProjectTemplate): The name of the GitHub-provided template.

## CreateProjectV2FieldInput

Autogenerated input type of CreateProjectV2Field.

### Input fields for `CreateProjectV2FieldInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `dataType` (ProjectV2CustomFieldType!): The data type of the field.
* `iterationConfiguration` (ProjectV2IterationFieldConfigurationInput): Configuration for an iteration field.
* `name` (String!): The name of the field.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the Project to create the field in.
* `singleSelectOptions` (\[ProjectV2SingleSelectFieldOptionInput!]): Options for a single select field. At least one value is required if data\_type is SINGLE\_SELECT.

## CreateProjectV2Input

Autogenerated input type of CreateProjectV2.

### Input fields for `CreateProjectV2Input`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `ownerId` (ID!): The owner ID to create the project under.
* `repositoryId` (ID): The repository to link the project to.
* `teamId` (ID): The team to link the project to. The team will be granted read permissions.
* `title` (String!): The title of the project.

## CreateProjectV2IssueFieldInput

Autogenerated input type of CreateProjectV2IssueField.

### Input fields for `CreateProjectV2IssueFieldInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `issueFieldId` (ID!): The ID of the IssueField to create the field for.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the Project to create the field in.

## CreateProjectV2StatusUpdateInput

Autogenerated input type of CreateProjectV2StatusUpdate.

### Input fields for `CreateProjectV2StatusUpdateInput`

* `body` (String): The body of the status update.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the Project to create the status update in.
* `startDate` (Date): The start date of the status update.
* `status` (ProjectV2StatusUpdateStatus): The status of the status update.
* `targetDate` (Date): The target date of the status update.

## CreatePullRequestInput

Autogenerated input type of CreatePullRequest.

### Input fields for `CreatePullRequestInput`

* `baseRefName` (String!): The name of the branch you want your changes pulled into. This should be an existing branch
  on the current repository. You cannot update the base branch on a pull request to point
  to another repository.
* `body` (String): The contents of the pull request.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `draft` (Boolean): Indicates whether this pull request should be a draft.
* `headRefName` (String!): The name of the branch where your changes are implemented. For cross-repository pull requests
  in the same network, namespace head\_ref\_name with a user like this: username:branch.
* `headRepositoryId` (ID): The Node ID of the head repository.
* `maintainerCanModify` (Boolean): Indicates whether maintainers can modify the pull request.
* `repositoryId` (ID!): The Node ID of the repository.
* `title` (String!): The title of the pull request.

## CreateRefInput

Autogenerated input type of CreateRef.

### Input fields for `CreateRefInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `name` (String!): The fully qualified name of the new Ref (ie: refs/heads/my\_new\_branch).
* `oid` (GitObjectID!): The GitObjectID that the new Ref shall target. Must point to a commit.
* `repositoryId` (ID!): The Node ID of the Repository to create the Ref in.

## CreateRepositoryCustomPropertyInput

Autogenerated input type of CreateRepositoryCustomProperty.

### Input fields for `CreateRepositoryCustomPropertyInput`

* `allowedValues` (\[String!]): The allowed values for the custom property.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `defaultValue` (String): The default value for the custom property if the property is required.
* `description` (String): The description of the custom property.
* `propertyName` (String!): The name of the custom property.
* `regex` (String): The regex pattern that the value of the custom property must match, if the value\_type is string.
* `requireExplicitValues` (Boolean): Whether this repository custom property requires explicit values.
* `required` (Boolean): Whether the custom property is required.
* `sourceId` (ID!): The global relay id of the source in which a new custom property should be created in.
* `valueType` (CustomPropertyValueType!): The value type for the custom property.
* `valuesEditableBy` (RepositoryCustomPropertyValuesEditableBy): The allowed actors who can edit the values of a custom property.

## CreateRepositoryInput

Autogenerated input type of CreateRepository.

### Input fields for `CreateRepositoryInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `description` (String): A short description of the new repository.
* `hasIssuesEnabled` (Boolean): Indicates if the repository should have the issues feature enabled.
* `hasWikiEnabled` (Boolean): Indicates if the repository should have the wiki feature enabled.
* `homepageUrl` (URI): The URL for a web page about this repository.
* `name` (String!): The name of the new repository.
* `ownerId` (ID): The ID of the owner for the new repository.
* `teamId` (ID): When an organization is specified as the owner, this ID identifies the team
  that should be granted access to the new repository.
* `template` (Boolean): Whether this repository should be marked as a template such that anyone who
  can access it can create new repositories with the same files and directory structure.
* `visibility` (RepositoryVisibility!): Indicates the repository's visibility level.

## CreateRepositoryRulesetInput

Autogenerated input type of CreateRepositoryRuleset.

### Input fields for `CreateRepositoryRulesetInput`

* `bypassActors` (\[RepositoryRulesetBypassActorInput!]): A list of actors that are allowed to bypass rules in this ruleset.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `conditions` (RepositoryRuleConditionsInput!): The set of conditions for this ruleset.
* `enforcement` (RuleEnforcement!): The enforcement level for this ruleset.
* `name` (String!): The name of the ruleset.
* `rules` (\[RepositoryRuleInput!]): The list of rules for this ruleset.
* `sourceId` (ID!): The global relay id of the source in which a new ruleset should be created in.
* `target` (RepositoryRulesetTarget): The target of the ruleset.

## CreateSponsorsListingInput

Autogenerated input type of CreateSponsorsListing.

### Input fields for `CreateSponsorsListingInput`

* `billingCountryOrRegionCode` (SponsorsCountryOrRegionCode): The country or region where the sponsorable's bank account is located.
  Required if fiscalHostLogin is not specified, ignored when fiscalHostLogin is specified.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `contactEmail` (String): The email address we should use to contact you about the GitHub Sponsors
  profile being created. This will not be shared publicly. Must be a verified
  email address already on your GitHub account. Only relevant when the
  sponsorable is yourself. Defaults to your primary email address on file if omitted.
* `fiscalHostLogin` (String): The username of the supported fiscal host's GitHub organization, if you want
  to receive sponsorship payouts through a fiscal host rather than directly to a
  bank account. For example,Open-Source-Collectivefor Open Source Collective
  or 'numfocus' for numFOCUS. Case insensitive. See <https://docs.github.com/sponsors/receiving-sponsorships-through-github-sponsors/using-a-fiscal-host-to-receive-github-sponsors-payouts>
  for more information.
* `fiscallyHostedProjectProfileUrl` (String): The URL for your profile page on the fiscal host's website, e.g.,
  <https://opencollective.com/babel> or <https://numfocus.org/project/bokeh>.
  Required if fiscalHostLogin is specified.
* `fullDescription` (String): Provide an introduction to serve as the main focus that appears on your GitHub
  Sponsors profile. It's a great opportunity to help potential sponsors learn
  more about you, your work, and why their sponsorship is important to you.
  GitHub-flavored Markdown is supported.
* `residenceCountryOrRegionCode` (SponsorsCountryOrRegionCode): The country or region where the sponsorable resides. This is for tax purposes.
  Required if the sponsorable is yourself, ignored when sponsorableLogin
  specifies an organization.
* `sponsorableLogin` (String): The username of the organization to create a GitHub Sponsors profile for, if
  desired. Defaults to creating a GitHub Sponsors profile for the authenticated
  user if omitted.

## CreateSponsorsTierInput

Autogenerated input type of CreateSponsorsTier.

### Input fields for `CreateSponsorsTierInput`

* `amount` (Int!): The value of the new tier in US dollars. Valid values: 1-12000.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `description` (String!): A description of what this tier is, what perks sponsors might receive, what a sponsorship at this tier means for you, etc.
* `isRecurring` (Boolean): Whether sponsorships using this tier should happen monthly/yearly or just once.
* `publish` (Boolean): Whether to make the tier available immediately for sponsors to choose.
  Defaults to creating a draft tier that will not be publicly visible.
* `repositoryId` (ID): Optional ID of the private repository that sponsors at this tier should gain
  read-only access to. Must be owned by an organization.
* `repositoryName` (String): Optional name of the private repository that sponsors at this tier should gain
  read-only access to. Must be owned by an organization. Necessary if
  repositoryOwnerLogin is given. Will be ignored if repositoryId is given.
* `repositoryOwnerLogin` (String): Optional login of the organization owner of the private repository that
  sponsors at this tier should gain read-only access to. Necessary if
  repositoryName is given. Will be ignored if repositoryId is given.
* `sponsorableId` (ID): The ID of the user or organization who owns the GitHub Sponsors profile.
  Defaults to the current user if omitted and sponsorableLogin is not given.
* `sponsorableLogin` (String): The username of the user or organization who owns the GitHub Sponsors profile.
  Defaults to the current user if omitted and sponsorableId is not given.
* `welcomeMessage` (String): Optional message new sponsors at this tier will receive.

## CreateSponsorshipInput

Autogenerated input type of CreateSponsorship.

### Input fields for `CreateSponsorshipInput`

* `amount` (Int): The amount to pay to the sponsorable in US dollars. Required if a tierId is not specified. Valid values: 1-12000.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `isRecurring` (Boolean): Whether the sponsorship should happen monthly/yearly or just this one time. Required if a tierId is not specified.
* `privacyLevel` (SponsorshipPrivacy): Specify whether others should be able to see that the sponsor is sponsoring
  the sponsorable. Public visibility still does not reveal which tier is used.
* `receiveEmails` (Boolean): Whether the sponsor should receive email updates from the sponsorable.
* `sponsorId` (ID): The ID of the user or organization who is acting as the sponsor, paying for
  the sponsorship. Required if sponsorLogin is not given.
* `sponsorLogin` (String): The username of the user or organization who is acting as the sponsor, paying
  for the sponsorship. Required if sponsorId is not given.
* `sponsorableId` (ID): The ID of the user or organization who is receiving the sponsorship. Required if sponsorableLogin is not given.
* `sponsorableLogin` (String): The username of the user or organization who is receiving the sponsorship. Required if sponsorableId is not given.
* `tierId` (ID): The ID of one of sponsorable's existing tiers to sponsor at. Required if amount is not specified.

## CreateSponsorshipsInput

Autogenerated input type of CreateSponsorships.

### Input fields for `CreateSponsorshipsInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `privacyLevel` (SponsorshipPrivacy): Specify whether others should be able to see that the sponsor is sponsoring
  the sponsorables. Public visibility still does not reveal the dollar value of
  the sponsorship.
* `receiveEmails` (Boolean): Whether the sponsor should receive email updates from the sponsorables.
* `recurring` (Boolean): Whether the sponsorships created should continue each billing cycle for the
  sponsor (monthly or annually), versus lasting only a single month. Defaults to
  one-time sponsorships.
* `sponsorLogin` (String!): The username of the user or organization who is acting as the sponsor, paying for the sponsorships.
* `sponsorships` (\[BulkSponsorship!]!): The list of maintainers to sponsor and for how much apiece.

## CreateUserListInput

Autogenerated input type of CreateUserList.

### Input fields for `CreateUserListInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `description` (String): A description of the list.
* `isPrivate` (Boolean): Whether or not the list is private.
* `name` (String!): The name of the new list.

## CustomPropertyValueInput

The custom property name and value to be set.

### Input fields for `CustomPropertyValueInput`

* `propertyName` (String!): The name of the custom property.
* `value` (CustomPropertyValue): The value to set for the custom property. Using a value of null will unset the
  property value, reverting to the default value if the property is required.

## DeclineTopicSuggestionInput

Autogenerated input type of DeclineTopicSuggestion.

### Input fields for `DeclineTopicSuggestionInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `name` (String): The name of the suggested topic.
  Upcoming Change on 2024-04-01 UTC
  Description: name will be removed.
  Reason: Suggested topics are no longer supported.
* `reason` (TopicSuggestionDeclineReason): The reason why the suggested topic is declined.
  Upcoming Change on 2024-04-01 UTC
  Description: reason will be removed.
  Reason: Suggested topics are no longer supported.
* `repositoryId` (ID): The Node ID of the repository.
  Upcoming Change on 2024-04-01 UTC
  Description: repositoryId will be removed.
  Reason: Suggested topics are no longer supported.

## DeleteBranchProtectionRuleInput

Autogenerated input type of DeleteBranchProtectionRule.

### Input fields for `DeleteBranchProtectionRuleInput`

* `branchProtectionRuleId` (ID!): The global relay id of the branch protection rule to be deleted.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.

## DeleteDeploymentInput

Autogenerated input type of DeleteDeployment.

### Input fields for `DeleteDeploymentInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the deployment to be deleted.

## DeleteDiscussionCommentInput

Autogenerated input type of DeleteDiscussionComment.

### Input fields for `DeleteDiscussionCommentInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `id` (ID!): The Node id of the discussion comment to delete.

## DeleteDiscussionInput

Autogenerated input type of DeleteDiscussion.

### Input fields for `DeleteDiscussionInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `id` (ID!): The id of the discussion to delete.

## DeleteEnvironmentInput

Autogenerated input type of DeleteEnvironment.

### Input fields for `DeleteEnvironmentInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the environment to be deleted.

## DeleteIpAllowListEntryInput

Autogenerated input type of DeleteIpAllowListEntry.

### Input fields for `DeleteIpAllowListEntryInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `ipAllowListEntryId` (ID!): The ID of the IP allow list entry to delete.

## DeleteIssueCommentInput

Autogenerated input type of DeleteIssueComment.

### Input fields for `DeleteIssueCommentInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `id` (ID!): The ID of the comment to delete.

## DeleteIssueFieldInput

Autogenerated input type of DeleteIssueField.

### Input fields for `DeleteIssueFieldInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `fieldId` (ID!): The ID of the field to delete.

## DeleteIssueFieldValueInput

Autogenerated input type of DeleteIssueFieldValue.

### Input fields for `DeleteIssueFieldValueInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `fieldId` (ID!): The ID of the field to delete.
* `issueId` (ID!): The ID of the issue.

## DeleteIssueInput

Autogenerated input type of DeleteIssue.

### Input fields for `DeleteIssueInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `issueId` (ID!): The ID of the issue to delete.

## DeleteIssueTypeInput

Autogenerated input type of DeleteIssueType.

### Input fields for `DeleteIssueTypeInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `issueTypeId` (ID!): The ID of the issue type to delete.

## DeleteLabelInput

Autogenerated input type of DeleteLabel.

### Input fields for `DeleteLabelInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the label to be deleted.

## DeleteLinkedBranchInput

Autogenerated input type of DeleteLinkedBranch.

### Input fields for `DeleteLinkedBranchInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `linkedBranchId` (ID!): The ID of the linked branch.

## DeletePackageVersionInput

Autogenerated input type of DeletePackageVersion.

### Input fields for `DeletePackageVersionInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `packageVersionId` (ID!): The ID of the package version to be deleted.

## DeleteProjectCardInput

Autogenerated input type of DeleteProjectCard.

### Input fields for `DeleteProjectCardInput`

* `cardId` (ID!): The id of the card to delete.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.

## DeleteProjectColumnInput

Autogenerated input type of DeleteProjectColumn.

### Input fields for `DeleteProjectColumnInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `columnId` (ID!): The id of the column to delete.

## DeleteProjectInput

Autogenerated input type of DeleteProject.

### Input fields for `DeleteProjectInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `projectId` (ID!): The Project ID to update.

## DeleteProjectV2FieldInput

Autogenerated input type of DeleteProjectV2Field.

### Input fields for `DeleteProjectV2FieldInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `fieldId` (ID!): The ID of the field to delete.

## DeleteProjectV2Input

Autogenerated input type of DeleteProjectV2.

### Input fields for `DeleteProjectV2Input`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the Project to delete.

## DeleteProjectV2ItemInput

Autogenerated input type of DeleteProjectV2Item.

### Input fields for `DeleteProjectV2ItemInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `itemId` (ID!): The ID of the item to be removed.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the Project from which the item should be removed.

## DeleteProjectV2StatusUpdateInput

Autogenerated input type of DeleteProjectV2StatusUpdate.

### Input fields for `DeleteProjectV2StatusUpdateInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `statusUpdateId` (ID!): The ID of the status update to be removed.

## DeleteProjectV2WorkflowInput

Autogenerated input type of DeleteProjectV2Workflow.

### Input fields for `DeleteProjectV2WorkflowInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `workflowId` (ID!): The ID of the workflow to be removed.

## DeletePullRequestReviewCommentInput

Autogenerated input type of DeletePullRequestReviewComment.

### Input fields for `DeletePullRequestReviewCommentInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `id` (ID!): The ID of the comment to delete.

## DeletePullRequestReviewInput

Autogenerated input type of DeletePullRequestReview.

### Input fields for `DeletePullRequestReviewInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `pullRequestReviewId` (ID!): The Node ID of the pull request review to delete.

## DeleteRefInput

Autogenerated input type of DeleteRef.

### Input fields for `DeleteRefInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `refId` (ID!): The Node ID of the Ref to be deleted.

## DeleteRepositoryCustomPropertyInput

Autogenerated input type of DeleteRepositoryCustomProperty.

### Input fields for `DeleteRepositoryCustomPropertyInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `id` (ID!): The global relay id of the custom property to be deleted.

## DeleteRepositoryRulesetInput

Autogenerated input type of DeleteRepositoryRuleset.

### Input fields for `DeleteRepositoryRulesetInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `repositoryRulesetId` (ID!): The global relay id of the repository ruleset to be deleted.

## DeleteUserListInput

Autogenerated input type of DeleteUserList.

### Input fields for `DeleteUserListInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `listId` (ID!): The ID of the list to delete.

## DeleteVerifiableDomainInput

Autogenerated input type of DeleteVerifiableDomain.

### Input fields for `DeleteVerifiableDomainInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `id` (ID!): The ID of the verifiable domain to delete.

## DeploymentOrder

Ordering options for deployment connections.

### Input fields for `DeploymentOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (DeploymentOrderField!): The field to order deployments by.

## DequeuePullRequestInput

Autogenerated input type of DequeuePullRequest.

### Input fields for `DequeuePullRequestInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `id` (ID!): The ID of the pull request to be dequeued.

## DisablePullRequestAutoMergeInput

Autogenerated input type of DisablePullRequestAutoMerge.

### Input fields for `DisablePullRequestAutoMergeInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `pullRequestId` (ID!): ID of the pull request to disable auto merge on.

## DiscussionOrder

Ways in which lists of discussions can be ordered upon return.

### Input fields for `DiscussionOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The direction in which to order discussions by the specified field.
* `field` (DiscussionOrderField!): The field by which to order discussions.

## DiscussionPollOptionOrder

Ordering options for discussion poll option connections.

### Input fields for `DiscussionPollOptionOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (DiscussionPollOptionOrderField!): The field to order poll options by.

## DismissPullRequestReviewInput

Autogenerated input type of DismissPullRequestReview.

### Input fields for `DismissPullRequestReviewInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `message` (String!): The contents of the pull request review dismissal message.
* `pullRequestReviewId` (ID!): The Node ID of the pull request review to modify.

## DismissRepositoryVulnerabilityAlertInput

Autogenerated input type of DismissRepositoryVulnerabilityAlert.

### Input fields for `DismissRepositoryVulnerabilityAlertInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `dismissReason` (DismissReason!): The reason the Dependabot alert is being dismissed.
* `repositoryVulnerabilityAlertId` (ID!): The Dependabot alert ID to dismiss.

## DraftPullRequestReviewComment

Specifies a review comment to be left with a Pull Request Review.

### Input fields for `DraftPullRequestReviewComment`

* `body` (String!): Body of the comment to leave.
* `path` (String!): Path to the file being commented on.
* `position` (Int!): Position in the file to leave a comment on.

## DraftPullRequestReviewThread

Specifies a review comment thread to be left with a Pull Request Review.

### Input fields for `DraftPullRequestReviewThread`

* `body` (String!): Body of the comment to leave.
* `line` (Int): The line of the blob to which the thread refers. The end of the line range for
  multi-line comments. Required if not using positioning.
* `path` (String): Path to the file being commented on. Required if not using positioning.
* `side` (DiffSide): The side of the diff on which the line resides. For multi-line comments, this is the side for the end of the line range.
* `startLine` (Int): The first line of the range to which the comment refers.
* `startSide` (DiffSide): The side of the diff on which the start line resides.

## EnablePullRequestAutoMergeInput

Autogenerated input type of EnablePullRequestAutoMerge.

### Input fields for `EnablePullRequestAutoMergeInput`

* `authorEmail` (String): The email address to associate with this merge.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `commitBody` (String): Commit body to use for the commit when the PR is mergable; if omitted, a
  default message will be used. NOTE: when merging with a merge queue any input
  value for commit message is ignored.
* `commitHeadline` (String): Commit headline to use for the commit when the PR is mergable; if omitted, a
  default message will be used. NOTE: when merging with a merge queue any input
  value for commit headline is ignored.
* `expectedHeadOid` (GitObjectID): The expected head OID of the pull request.
* `mergeMethod` (PullRequestMergeMethod): The merge method to use. If omitted, defaults to MERGE. NOTE: when merging
  with a merge queue any input value for merge method is ignored.
* `pullRequestId` (ID!): ID of the pull request to enable auto-merge on.

## EnqueuePullRequestInput

Autogenerated input type of EnqueuePullRequest.

### Input fields for `EnqueuePullRequestInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `expectedHeadOid` (GitObjectID): The expected head OID of the pull request.
* `jump` (Boolean): Add the pull request to the front of the queue.
* `pullRequestId` (ID!): The ID of the pull request to enqueue.

## EnterpriseAdministratorInvitationOrder

Ordering options for enterprise administrator invitation connections.

### Input fields for `EnterpriseAdministratorInvitationOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (EnterpriseAdministratorInvitationOrderField!): The field to order enterprise administrator invitations by.

## EnterpriseMemberInvitationOrder

Ordering options for enterprise administrator invitation connections.

### Input fields for `EnterpriseMemberInvitationOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (EnterpriseMemberInvitationOrderField!): The field to order enterprise member invitations by.

## EnterpriseMemberOrder

Ordering options for enterprise member connections.

### Input fields for `EnterpriseMemberOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (EnterpriseMemberOrderField!): The field to order enterprise members by.

## EnterpriseOrder

Ordering options for enterprises.

### Input fields for `EnterpriseOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (EnterpriseOrderField!): The field to order enterprises by.

## EnterpriseServerInstallationOrder

Ordering options for Enterprise Server installation connections.

### Input fields for `EnterpriseServerInstallationOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (EnterpriseServerInstallationOrderField!): The field to order Enterprise Server installations by.

## EnterpriseServerUserAccountEmailOrder

Ordering options for Enterprise Server user account email connections.

### Input fields for `EnterpriseServerUserAccountEmailOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (EnterpriseServerUserAccountEmailOrderField!): The field to order emails by.

## EnterpriseServerUserAccountOrder

Ordering options for Enterprise Server user account connections.

### Input fields for `EnterpriseServerUserAccountOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (EnterpriseServerUserAccountOrderField!): The field to order user accounts by.

## EnterpriseServerUserAccountsUploadOrder

Ordering options for Enterprise Server user accounts upload connections.

### Input fields for `EnterpriseServerUserAccountsUploadOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (EnterpriseServerUserAccountsUploadOrderField!): The field to order user accounts uploads by.

## Environments

Ordering options for environments.

### Input fields for `Environments`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The direction in which to order environments by the specified field.
* `field` (EnvironmentOrderField!): The field to order environments by.

## FileAddition

A command to add a file at the given path with the given contents as part of a
commit.  Any existing file at that that path will be replaced.

### Input fields for `FileAddition`

* `contents` (Base64String!): The base64 encoded contents of the file.
* `path` (String!): The path in the repository where the file will be located.

## FileChanges

A description of a set of changes to a file tree to be made as part of
a git commit, modeled as zero or more file additions and zero or more
file deletions.
Both fields are optional; omitting both will produce a commit with no
file changes.
deletions and additions describe changes to files identified
by their path in the git tree using unix-style path separators, i.e.
/.  The root of a git tree is an empty string, so paths are not
slash-prefixed.
path values must be unique across all additions and deletions
provided.  Any duplication will result in a validation error.
Encoding
File contents must be provided in full for each FileAddition.
The contents of a FileAddition must be encoded using RFC 4648
compliant base64, i.e. correct padding is required and no characters
outside the standard alphabet may be used.  Invalid base64
encoding will be rejected with a validation error.
The encoded contents may be binary.
For text files, no assumptions are made about the character encoding of
the file contents (after base64 decoding).  No charset transcoding or
line-ending normalization will be performed; it is the client's
responsibility to manage the character encoding of files they provide.
However, for maximum compatibility we recommend using UTF-8 encoding
and ensuring that all files in a repository use a consistent
line-ending convention (\n or \r\n), and that all files end
with a newline.
Modeling file changes
Each of the the five types of conceptual changes that can be made in a
git commit can be described using the FileChanges type as follows:

New file addition: create file hello world\n at path docs/README.txt:
{
"additions" \[
{
"path": "docs/README.txt",
"contents": base64encode("hello world\n")
}
]
}

Existing file modification: change existing docs/README.txt to have new
content new content here\n:
{
"additions" \[
{
"path": "docs/README.txt",
"contents": base64encode("new content here\n")
}
]
}

Existing file deletion: remove existing file docs/README.txt.
Note that the path is required to exist -- specifying a
path that does not exist on the given branch will abort the
commit and return an error.
{
"deletions" \[
{
"path": "docs/README.txt"
}
]
}

File rename with no changes: rename docs/README.txt with
previous content hello world\n to the same content at
newdocs/README.txt:
{
"deletions" \[
{
"path": "docs/README.txt",
}
],
"additions" \[
{
"path": "newdocs/README.txt",
"contents": base64encode("hello world\n")
}
]
}

File rename with changes: rename docs/README.txt with
previous content hello world\n to a file at path
newdocs/README.txt with content new contents\n:
{
"deletions" \[
{
"path": "docs/README.txt",
}
],
"additions" \[
{
"path": "newdocs/README.txt",
"contents": base64encode("new contents\n")
}
]
}.

### Input fields for `FileChanges`

* `additions` (\[FileAddition!]): File to add or change.
* `deletions` (\[FileDeletion!]): Files to delete.

## FileDeletion

A command to delete the file at the given path as part of a commit.

### Input fields for `FileDeletion`

* `path` (String!): The path to delete.

## FileExtensionRestrictionParametersInput

Prevent commits that include files with specified file extensions from being pushed to the commit graph.

### Input fields for `FileExtensionRestrictionParametersInput`

* `restrictedFileExtensions` (\[String!]!): The file extensions that are restricted from being pushed to the commit graph.

## FilePathRestrictionParametersInput

Prevent commits that include changes in specified file and folder paths from
being pushed to the commit graph. This includes absolute paths that contain file names.

### Input fields for `FilePathRestrictionParametersInput`

* `restrictedFilePaths` (\[String!]!): The file paths that are restricted from being pushed to the commit graph.

## FollowOrganizationInput

Autogenerated input type of FollowOrganization.

### Input fields for `FollowOrganizationInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `organizationId` (ID!): ID of the organization to follow.

## FollowUserInput

Autogenerated input type of FollowUser.

### Input fields for `FollowUserInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `userId` (ID!): ID of the user to follow.

## GistOrder

Ordering options for gist connections.

### Input fields for `GistOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (GistOrderField!): The field to order repositories by.

## GrantEnterpriseOrganizationsMigratorRoleInput

Autogenerated input type of GrantEnterpriseOrganizationsMigratorRole.

### Input fields for `GrantEnterpriseOrganizationsMigratorRoleInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `enterpriseId` (ID!): The ID of the enterprise to which all organizations managed by it will be granted the migrator role.
* `login` (String!): The login of the user to grant the migrator role.

## GrantMigratorRoleInput

Autogenerated input type of GrantMigratorRole.

### Input fields for `GrantMigratorRoleInput`

* `actor` (String!): The user login or Team slug to grant the migrator role.
* `actorType` (ActorType!): Specifies the type of the actor, can be either USER or TEAM.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `organizationId` (ID!): The ID of the organization that the user/team belongs to.

## ImportProjectInput

Autogenerated input type of ImportProject.

### Input fields for `ImportProjectInput`

* `body` (String): The description of Project.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `columnImports` (\[ProjectColumnImport!]!): A list of columns containing issues and pull requests.
* `name` (String!): The name of Project.
* `ownerName` (String!): The name of the Organization or User to create the Project under.
* `public` (Boolean): Whether the Project is public or not.

## InviteEnterpriseAdminInput

Autogenerated input type of InviteEnterpriseAdmin.

### Input fields for `InviteEnterpriseAdminInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `email` (String): The email of the person to invite as an administrator.
* `enterpriseId` (ID!): The ID of the enterprise to which you want to invite an administrator.
* `invitee` (String): The login of a user to invite as an administrator.
* `role` (EnterpriseAdministratorRole): The role of the administrator.

## InviteEnterpriseMemberInput

Autogenerated input type of InviteEnterpriseMember.

### Input fields for `InviteEnterpriseMemberInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `email` (String): The email of the person to invite as an unaffiliated member.
* `enterpriseId` (ID!): The ID of the enterprise to which you want to invite an unaffiliated member.
* `invitee` (String): The login of a user to invite as an unaffiliated member.

## IpAllowListEntryOrder

Ordering options for IP allow list entry connections.

### Input fields for `IpAllowListEntryOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (IpAllowListEntryOrderField!): The field to order IP allow list entries by.

## IssueCommentOrder

Ways in which lists of issue comments can be ordered upon return.

### Input fields for `IssueCommentOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The direction in which to order issue comments by the specified field.
* `field` (IssueCommentOrderField!): The field in which to order issue comments by.

## IssueDependencyOrder

Ordering options issue dependencies.

### Input fields for `IssueDependencyOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (IssueDependencyOrderField!): The field to order issue dependencies by.

## IssueFieldCreateOrUpdateInput

Represents an issue field value that must be set on an issue during issue creation.

### Input fields for `IssueFieldCreateOrUpdateInput`

* `dateValue` (String): The date value, for a date field.
* `delete` (Boolean): Set to true to delete the field value.
* `fieldId` (ID!): The ID of the issue field.
* `numberValue` (Float): The numeric value, for a number field.
* `singleSelectOptionId` (ID): The ID of the selected option, for a single select field.
* `textValue` (String): The text value, for a text field.

## IssueFieldOrder

Ordering options for issue field connections.

### Input fields for `IssueFieldOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (IssueFieldOrderField!): The field to order issue fields by.

## IssueFieldSingleSelectOptionInput

A single selection option for an issue field.

### Input fields for `IssueFieldSingleSelectOptionInput`

* `color` (IssueFieldSingleSelectOptionColor!): The color associated with the option.
* `description` (String): A description of the option.
* `name` (String!): The name of the option.
* `priority` (Int!): The priority of the option in the list.

## IssueFilters

Ways in which to filter lists of issues.

### Input fields for `IssueFilters`

* `assignee` (String): List issues assigned to given name. Pass in null for issues with no assigned
  user, and \* for issues assigned to any user.
* `createdBy` (String): List issues created by given name.
* `labels` (\[String!]): List issues where the list of label names exist on the issue.
* `mentioned` (String): List issues where the given name is mentioned in the issue.
* `milestone` (String): List issues by given milestone argument. If an string representation of an
  integer is passed, it should refer to a milestone by its database ID. Pass in
  null for issues with no milestone, and \* for issues that are assigned to any milestone.
* `milestoneNumber` (String): List issues by given milestone argument. If an string representation of an
  integer is passed, it should refer to a milestone by its number field. Pass in
  null for issues with no milestone, and \* for issues that are assigned to any milestone.
* `since` (DateTime): List issues that have been updated at or after the given date.
* `states` (\[IssueState!]): List issues filtered by the list of states given.
* `type` (String): List issues filtered by the type given, only supported by searches on repositories.
* `viewerSubscribed` (Boolean): List issues subscribed to by viewer.

## IssueOrder

Ways in which lists of issues can be ordered upon return.

### Input fields for `IssueOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The direction in which to order issues by the specified field.
* `field` (IssueOrderField!): The field in which to order issues by.

## IssueTypeOrder

Ordering options for issue types connections.

### Input fields for `IssueTypeOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (IssueTypeOrderField!): The field to order issue types by.

## LabelOrder

Ways in which lists of labels can be ordered upon return.

### Input fields for `LabelOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The direction in which to order labels by the specified field.
* `field` (LabelOrderField!): The field in which to order labels by.

## LanguageOrder

Ordering options for language connections.

### Input fields for `LanguageOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (LanguageOrderField!): The field to order languages by.

## LinkProjectV2ToRepositoryInput

Autogenerated input type of LinkProjectV2ToRepository.

### Input fields for `LinkProjectV2ToRepositoryInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the project to link to the repository.
* `repositoryId` (ID!): The ID of the repository to link to the project.

## LinkProjectV2ToTeamInput

Autogenerated input type of LinkProjectV2ToTeam.

### Input fields for `LinkProjectV2ToTeamInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the project to link to the team.
* `teamId` (ID!): The ID of the team to link to the project.

## LinkRepositoryToProjectInput

Autogenerated input type of LinkRepositoryToProject.

### Input fields for `LinkRepositoryToProjectInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the Project to link to a Repository.
* `repositoryId` (ID!): The ID of the Repository to link to a Project.

## LockLockableInput

Autogenerated input type of LockLockable.

### Input fields for `LockLockableInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `lockReason` (LockReason): A reason for why the item will be locked.
* `lockableId` (ID!): ID of the item to be locked.

## MannequinOrder

Ordering options for mannequins.

### Input fields for `MannequinOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (MannequinOrderField!): The field to order mannequins by.

## MarkDiscussionCommentAsAnswerInput

Autogenerated input type of MarkDiscussionCommentAsAnswer.

### Input fields for `MarkDiscussionCommentAsAnswerInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the discussion comment to mark as an answer.

## MarkFileAsViewedInput

Autogenerated input type of MarkFileAsViewed.

### Input fields for `MarkFileAsViewedInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `path` (String!): The path of the file to mark as viewed.
* `pullRequestId` (ID!): The Node ID of the pull request.

## MarkProjectV2AsTemplateInput

Autogenerated input type of MarkProjectV2AsTemplate.

### Input fields for `MarkProjectV2AsTemplateInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the Project to mark as a template.

## MarkPullRequestReadyForReviewInput

Autogenerated input type of MarkPullRequestReadyForReview.

### Input fields for `MarkPullRequestReadyForReviewInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `pullRequestId` (ID!): ID of the pull request to be marked as ready for review.

## MaxFilePathLengthParametersInput

Prevent commits that include file paths that exceed the specified character limit from being pushed to the commit graph.

### Input fields for `MaxFilePathLengthParametersInput`

* `maxFilePathLength` (Int!): The maximum amount of characters allowed in file paths.

## MaxFileSizeParametersInput

Prevent commits with individual files that exceed the specified limit from being pushed to the commit graph.

### Input fields for `MaxFileSizeParametersInput`

* `maxFileSize` (Int!): The maximum file size allowed in megabytes. This limit does not apply to Git Large File Storage (Git LFS).

## MergeBranchInput

Autogenerated input type of MergeBranch.

### Input fields for `MergeBranchInput`

* `authorEmail` (String): The email address to associate with this commit.
* `base` (String!): The name of the base branch that the provided head will be merged into.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `commitMessage` (String): Message to use for the merge commit. If omitted, a default will be used.
* `head` (String!): The head to merge into the base branch. This can be a branch name or a commit GitObjectID.
* `repositoryId` (ID!): The Node ID of the Repository containing the base branch that will be modified.

## MergePullRequestInput

Autogenerated input type of MergePullRequest.

### Input fields for `MergePullRequestInput`

* `authorEmail` (String): The email address to associate with this merge.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `commitBody` (String): Commit body to use for the merge commit; if omitted, a default message will be used.
* `commitHeadline` (String): Commit headline to use for the merge commit; if omitted, a default message will be used.
* `expectedHeadOid` (GitObjectID): OID that the pull request head ref must match to allow merge; if omitted, no check is performed.
* `mergeMethod` (PullRequestMergeMethod): The merge method to use. If omitted, defaults to 'MERGE'.
* `pullRequestId` (ID!): ID of the pull request to be merged.

## MergeQueueParametersInput

Merges must be performed via a merge queue.

### Input fields for `MergeQueueParametersInput`

* `checkResponseTimeoutMinutes` (Int!): Maximum time for a required status check to report a conclusion. After this
  much time has elapsed, checks that have not reported a conclusion will be
  assumed to have failed.
* `groupingStrategy` (MergeQueueGroupingStrategy!): When set to ALLGREEN, the merge commit created by merge queue for each PR in
  the group must pass all required checks to merge. When set to HEADGREEN, only
  the commit at the head of the merge group, i.e. the commit containing changes
  from all of the PRs in the group, must pass its required checks to merge.
* `maxEntriesToBuild` (Int!): Limit the number of queued pull requests requesting checks and workflow runs at the same time.
* `maxEntriesToMerge` (Int!): The maximum number of PRs that will be merged together in a group.
* `mergeMethod` (MergeQueueMergeMethod!): Method to use when merging changes from queued pull requests.
* `minEntriesToMerge` (Int!): The minimum number of PRs that will be merged together in a group.
* `minEntriesToMergeWaitMinutes` (Int!): The time merge queue should wait after the first PR is added to the queue for
  the minimum group size to be met. After this time has elapsed, the minimum
  group size will be ignored and a smaller group will be merged.

## MilestoneOrder

Ordering options for milestone connections.

### Input fields for `MilestoneOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (MilestoneOrderField!): The field to order milestones by.

## MinimizeCommentInput

Autogenerated input type of MinimizeComment.

### Input fields for `MinimizeCommentInput`

* `classifier` (ReportedContentClassifiers!): The classification of comment.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `subjectId` (ID!): The Node ID of the subject to modify.

## MoveProjectCardInput

Autogenerated input type of MoveProjectCard.

### Input fields for `MoveProjectCardInput`

* `afterCardId` (ID): Place the new card after the card with this id. Pass null to place it at the top.
* `cardId` (ID!): The id of the card to move.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `columnId` (ID!): The id of the column to move it into.

## MoveProjectColumnInput

Autogenerated input type of MoveProjectColumn.

### Input fields for `MoveProjectColumnInput`

* `afterColumnId` (ID): Place the new column after the column with this id. Pass null to place it at the front.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `columnId` (ID!): The id of the column to move.

## OrgEnterpriseOwnerOrder

Ordering options for an organization's enterprise owner connections.

### Input fields for `OrgEnterpriseOwnerOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (OrgEnterpriseOwnerOrderField!): The field to order enterprise owners by.

## OrganizationOrder

Ordering options for organization connections.

### Input fields for `OrganizationOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (OrganizationOrderField!): The field to order organizations by.

## OrganizationPropertyConditionTargetInput

Parameters to be used for the organization\_property condition.

### Input fields for `OrganizationPropertyConditionTargetInput`

* `exclude` (\[OrganizationPropertyTargetDefinitionInput!]!): Array of organization properties that must not match.
* `include` (\[OrganizationPropertyTargetDefinitionInput!]!): Array of organization properties that must match.

## OrganizationPropertyTargetDefinitionInput

A property that must match.

### Input fields for `OrganizationPropertyTargetDefinitionInput`

* `name` (String!): The name of the property.
* `propertyValues` (\[String!]!): The values to match for.

## PackageFileOrder

Ways in which lists of package files can be ordered upon return.

### Input fields for `PackageFileOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection): The direction in which to order package files by the specified field.
* `field` (PackageFileOrderField): The field in which to order package files by.

## PackageOrder

Ways in which lists of packages can be ordered upon return.

### Input fields for `PackageOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection): The direction in which to order packages by the specified field.
* `field` (PackageOrderField): The field in which to order packages by.

## PackageVersionOrder

Ways in which lists of package versions can be ordered upon return.

### Input fields for `PackageVersionOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection): The direction in which to order package versions by the specified field.
* `field` (PackageVersionOrderField): The field in which to order package versions by.

## PinEnvironmentInput

Autogenerated input type of PinEnvironment.

### Input fields for `PinEnvironmentInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `environmentId` (ID!): The ID of the environment to modify.
* `pinned` (Boolean!): The desired state of the environment. If true, environment will be pinned. If false, it will be unpinned.

## PinIssueCommentInput

Autogenerated input type of PinIssueComment.

### Input fields for `PinIssueCommentInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `issueCommentId` (ID!): The ID of the Issue Comment to pin. Comment pinning is not supported on Pull Requests.

## PinIssueInput

Autogenerated input type of PinIssue.

### Input fields for `PinIssueInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `issueId` (ID!): The ID of the issue to be pinned.

## PinnedEnvironmentOrder

Ordering options for pinned environments.

### Input fields for `PinnedEnvironmentOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The direction in which to order pinned environments by the specified field.
* `field` (PinnedEnvironmentOrderField!): The field to order pinned environments by.

## ProjectCardImport

An issue or PR and its owning repository to be used in a project card.

### Input fields for `ProjectCardImport`

* `number` (Int!): The issue or pull request number.
* `repository` (String!): Repository name with owner (owner/repository).

## ProjectColumnImport

A project column and a list of its issues and PRs.

### Input fields for `ProjectColumnImport`

* `columnName` (String!): The name of the column.
* `issues` (\[ProjectCardImport!]): A list of issues and pull requests in the column.
* `position` (Int!): The position of the column, starting from 0.

## ProjectOrder

Ways in which lists of projects can be ordered upon return.

### Input fields for `ProjectOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The direction in which to order projects by the specified field.
* `field` (ProjectOrderField!): The field in which to order projects by.

## ProjectV2Collaborator

A collaborator to update on a project. Only one of the userId or teamId should be provided.

### Input fields for `ProjectV2Collaborator`

* `role` (ProjectV2Roles!): The role to grant the collaborator.
* `teamId` (ID): The ID of the team as a collaborator.
* `userId` (ID): The ID of the user as a collaborator.

## ProjectV2FieldOrder

Ordering options for project v2 field connections.

### Input fields for `ProjectV2FieldOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (ProjectV2FieldOrderField!): The field to order the project v2 fields by.

## ProjectV2FieldValue

The values that can be used to update a field of an item inside a Project. Only 1 value can be updated at a time.

### Input fields for `ProjectV2FieldValue`

* `date` (Date): The ISO 8601 date to set on the field.
* `iterationId` (String): The id of the iteration to set on the field.
* `number` (Float): The number to set on the field.
* `singleSelectOptionId` (String): The id of the single select option to set on the field.
* `text` (String): The text to set on the field.

## ProjectV2Filters

Ways in which to filter lists of projects.

### Input fields for `ProjectV2Filters`

* `state` (ProjectV2State): List project v2 filtered by the state given.

## ProjectV2ItemFieldValueOrder

Ordering options for project v2 item field value connections.

### Input fields for `ProjectV2ItemFieldValueOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (ProjectV2ItemFieldValueOrderField!): The field to order the project v2 item field values by.

## ProjectV2ItemOrder

Ordering options for project v2 item connections.

### Input fields for `ProjectV2ItemOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (ProjectV2ItemOrderField!): The field to order the project v2 items by.

## ProjectV2Iteration

Represents an iteration.

### Input fields for `ProjectV2Iteration`

* `duration` (Int!): The duration of the iteration, in days.
* `startDate` (Date!): The start date for the iteration.
* `title` (String!): The title for the iteration.

## ProjectV2IterationFieldConfigurationInput

Represents an iteration field configuration.

### Input fields for `ProjectV2IterationFieldConfigurationInput`

* `duration` (Int!): The duration of each iteration, in days.
* `iterations` (\[ProjectV2Iteration!]!): Zero or more iterations for the field.
* `startDate` (Date!): The start date for the first iteration.

## ProjectV2Order

Ways in which lists of projects can be ordered upon return.

### Input fields for `ProjectV2Order`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The direction in which to order projects by the specified field.
* `field` (ProjectV2OrderField!): The field in which to order projects by.

## ProjectV2SingleSelectFieldOptionInput

Represents a single select field option.

### Input fields for `ProjectV2SingleSelectFieldOptionInput`

* `color` (ProjectV2SingleSelectFieldOptionColor!): The display color of the option.
* `description` (String!): The description text of the option.
* `name` (String!): The name of the option.

## ProjectV2StatusOrder

Ways in which project v2 status updates can be ordered.

### Input fields for `ProjectV2StatusOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The direction in which to order nodes.
* `field` (ProjectV2StatusUpdateOrderField!): The field by which to order nodes.

## ProjectV2ViewOrder

Ordering options for project v2 view connections.

### Input fields for `ProjectV2ViewOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (ProjectV2ViewOrderField!): The field to order the project v2 views by.

## ProjectV2WorkflowOrder

Ordering options for project v2 workflows connections.

### Input fields for `ProjectV2WorkflowOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (ProjectV2WorkflowsOrderField!): The field to order the project v2 workflows by.

## PromoteRepositoryCustomPropertyInput

Autogenerated input type of PromoteRepositoryCustomProperty.

### Input fields for `PromoteRepositoryCustomPropertyInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `repositoryCustomPropertyId` (ID!): The ID of the repository custom property to be promoted.

## PropertyTargetDefinitionInput

A property that must match.

### Input fields for `PropertyTargetDefinitionInput`

* `name` (String!): The name of the property.
* `propertyValues` (\[String!]!): The values to match for.
* `source` (String): The source of the property. Choosecustomor 'system'. Defaults to 'custom' if not specified.

## PublishSponsorsTierInput

Autogenerated input type of PublishSponsorsTier.

### Input fields for `PublishSponsorsTierInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `tierId` (ID!): The ID of the draft tier to publish.

## PullRequestOrder

Ways in which lists of issues can be ordered upon return.

### Input fields for `PullRequestOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The direction in which to order pull requests by the specified field.
* `field` (PullRequestOrderField!): The field in which to order pull requests by.

## PullRequestParametersInput

Require all commits be made to a non-target branch and submitted via a pull request before they can be merged.

### Input fields for `PullRequestParametersInput`

* `allowedMergeMethods` (\[PullRequestAllowedMergeMethods!]): Array of allowed merge methods. Allowed values include merge, squash, and
  rebase. At least one option must be enabled.
* `dismissStaleReviewsOnPush` (Boolean!): New, reviewable commits pushed will dismiss previous pull request review approvals.
* `requireCodeOwnerReview` (Boolean!): Require an approving review in pull requests that modify files that have a designated code owner.
* `requireLastPushApproval` (Boolean!): Whether the most recent reviewable push must be approved by someone other than the person who pushed it.
* `requiredApprovingReviewCount` (Int!): The number of approving reviews that are required before a pull request can be merged.
* `requiredReviewThreadResolution` (Boolean!): All conversations on code must be resolved before a pull request can be merged.
* `requiredReviewers` (\[RequiredReviewerConfigurationInput!]): This argument is in beta and subject to change. A collection of reviewers and
  associated file patterns. Each reviewer has a list of file patterns which
  determine the files that reviewer is required to review.

## ReactionOrder

Ways in which lists of reactions can be ordered upon return.

### Input fields for `ReactionOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The direction in which to order reactions by the specified field.
* `field` (ReactionOrderField!): The field in which to order reactions by.

## RefNameConditionTargetInput

Parameters to be used for the ref\_name condition.

### Input fields for `RefNameConditionTargetInput`

* `exclude` (\[String!]!): Array of ref names or patterns to exclude. The condition will not pass if any of these patterns match.
* `include` (\[String!]!): Array of ref names or patterns to include. One of these patterns must match
  for the condition to pass. Also accepts \~DEFAULT\_BRANCH to include the
  default branch or \~ALL to include all branches.

## RefOrder

Ways in which lists of git refs can be ordered upon return.

### Input fields for `RefOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The direction in which to order refs by the specified field.
* `field` (RefOrderField!): The field in which to order refs by.

## RefUpdate

A ref update.

### Input fields for `RefUpdate`

* `afterOid` (GitObjectID!): The value this ref should be updated to.
* `beforeOid` (GitObjectID): The value this ref needs to point to before the update.
* `force` (Boolean): Force a non fast-forward update.
* `name` (GitRefname!): The fully qualified name of the ref to be update. For example refs/heads/branch-name.

## RegenerateEnterpriseIdentityProviderRecoveryCodesInput

Autogenerated input type of RegenerateEnterpriseIdentityProviderRecoveryCodes.

### Input fields for `RegenerateEnterpriseIdentityProviderRecoveryCodesInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `enterpriseId` (ID!): The ID of the enterprise on which to set an identity provider.

## RegenerateVerifiableDomainTokenInput

Autogenerated input type of RegenerateVerifiableDomainToken.

### Input fields for `RegenerateVerifiableDomainTokenInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `id` (ID!): The ID of the verifiable domain to regenerate the verification token of.

## RejectDeploymentsInput

Autogenerated input type of RejectDeployments.

### Input fields for `RejectDeploymentsInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `comment` (String): Optional comment for rejecting deployments.
* `environmentIds` (\[ID!]!): The ids of environments to reject deployments.
* `workflowRunId` (ID!): The node ID of the workflow run containing the pending deployments.

## ReleaseOrder

Ways in which lists of releases can be ordered upon return.

### Input fields for `ReleaseOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The direction in which to order releases by the specified field.
* `field` (ReleaseOrderField!): The field in which to order releases by.

## RemoveAssigneesFromAssignableInput

Autogenerated input type of RemoveAssigneesFromAssignable.

### Input fields for `RemoveAssigneesFromAssignableInput`

* `assignableId` (ID!): The id of the assignable object to remove assignees from.
* `assigneeIds` (\[ID!]!): The ids of actors to remove as assignees.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.

## RemoveBlockedByInput

Autogenerated input type of RemoveBlockedBy.

### Input fields for `RemoveBlockedByInput`

* `blockingIssueId` (ID!): The ID of the blocking issue.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `issueId` (ID!): The ID of the blocked issue.

## RemoveEnterpriseAdminInput

Autogenerated input type of RemoveEnterpriseAdmin.

### Input fields for `RemoveEnterpriseAdminInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `enterpriseId` (ID!): The Enterprise ID from which to remove the administrator.
* `login` (String!): The login of the user to remove as an administrator.

## RemoveEnterpriseIdentityProviderInput

Autogenerated input type of RemoveEnterpriseIdentityProvider.

### Input fields for `RemoveEnterpriseIdentityProviderInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `enterpriseId` (ID!): The ID of the enterprise from which to remove the identity provider.

## RemoveEnterpriseMemberInput

Autogenerated input type of RemoveEnterpriseMember.

### Input fields for `RemoveEnterpriseMemberInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `enterpriseId` (ID!): The ID of the enterprise from which the user should be removed.
* `userId` (ID!): The ID of the user to remove from the enterprise.

## RemoveEnterpriseOrganizationInput

Autogenerated input type of RemoveEnterpriseOrganization.

### Input fields for `RemoveEnterpriseOrganizationInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `enterpriseId` (ID!): The ID of the enterprise from which the organization should be removed.
* `organizationId` (ID!): The ID of the organization to remove from the enterprise.

## RemoveEnterpriseSupportEntitlementInput

Autogenerated input type of RemoveEnterpriseSupportEntitlement.

### Input fields for `RemoveEnterpriseSupportEntitlementInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `enterpriseId` (ID!): The ID of the Enterprise which the admin belongs to.
* `login` (String!): The login of a member who will lose the support entitlement.

## RemoveLabelsFromLabelableInput

Autogenerated input type of RemoveLabelsFromLabelable.

### Input fields for `RemoveLabelsFromLabelableInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `labelIds` (\[ID!]!): The ids of labels to remove.
* `labelableId` (ID!): The id of the Labelable to remove labels from.

## RemoveOutsideCollaboratorInput

Autogenerated input type of RemoveOutsideCollaborator.

### Input fields for `RemoveOutsideCollaboratorInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `organizationId` (ID!): The ID of the organization to remove the outside collaborator from.
* `userId` (ID!): The ID of the outside collaborator to remove.

## RemoveReactionInput

Autogenerated input type of RemoveReaction.

### Input fields for `RemoveReactionInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `content` (ReactionContent!): The name of the emoji reaction to remove.
* `subjectId` (ID!): The Node ID of the subject to modify.

## RemoveStarInput

Autogenerated input type of RemoveStar.

### Input fields for `RemoveStarInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `starrableId` (ID!): The Starrable ID to unstar.

## RemoveSubIssueInput

Autogenerated input type of RemoveSubIssue.

### Input fields for `RemoveSubIssueInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `issueId` (ID!): The id of the issue.
* `subIssueId` (ID!): The id of the sub-issue.

## RemoveUpvoteInput

Autogenerated input type of RemoveUpvote.

### Input fields for `RemoveUpvoteInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `subjectId` (ID!): The Node ID of the discussion or comment to remove upvote.

## ReopenDiscussionInput

Autogenerated input type of ReopenDiscussion.

### Input fields for `ReopenDiscussionInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `discussionId` (ID!): ID of the discussion to be reopened.

## ReopenIssueInput

Autogenerated input type of ReopenIssue.

### Input fields for `ReopenIssueInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `issueId` (ID!): ID of the issue to be opened.

## ReopenPullRequestInput

Autogenerated input type of ReopenPullRequest.

### Input fields for `ReopenPullRequestInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `pullRequestId` (ID!): ID of the pull request to be reopened.

## ReorderEnvironmentInput

Autogenerated input type of ReorderEnvironment.

### Input fields for `ReorderEnvironmentInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `environmentId` (ID!): The ID of the environment to modify.
* `position` (Int!): The desired position of the environment.

## ReplaceActorsForAssignableInput

Autogenerated input type of ReplaceActorsForAssignable.

### Input fields for `ReplaceActorsForAssignableInput`

* `actorIds` (\[ID!]): The ids of the actors to replace the existing assignees. May be used as an
  alternative to or in conjunction with actorLogins.
* `actorLogins` (\[String!]): The usernames of the actors to replace the existing assignees. May be used as
  an alternative to or in conjunction with actorIds. For bots, use the login
  format with \[bot] suffix (e.g., 'my-app\[bot]').
* `agentAssignment` (AgentAssignmentInput): Configuration for assigning an AI agent to this issue.
* `assignableId` (ID!): The id of the assignable object to replace the assignees for.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.

## RepositoryIdConditionTargetInput

Parameters to be used for the repository\_id condition.

### Input fields for `RepositoryIdConditionTargetInput`

* `repositoryIds` (\[ID!]!): One of these repo IDs must match the repo.

## RepositoryInvitationOrder

Ordering options for repository invitation connections.

### Input fields for `RepositoryInvitationOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (RepositoryInvitationOrderField!): The field to order repository invitations by.

## RepositoryMigrationOrder

Ordering options for repository migrations.

### Input fields for `RepositoryMigrationOrder`

* `direction` (RepositoryMigrationOrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (RepositoryMigrationOrderField!): The field to order repository migrations by.

## RepositoryNameConditionTargetInput

Parameters to be used for the repository\_name condition.

### Input fields for `RepositoryNameConditionTargetInput`

* `exclude` (\[String!]!): Array of repository names or patterns to exclude. The condition will not pass if any of these patterns match.
* `include` (\[String!]!): Array of repository names or patterns to include. One of these patterns must
  match for the condition to pass. Also accepts \~ALL to include all repositories.
* `protected` (Boolean): Target changes that match these patterns will be prevented except by those with bypass permissions.

## RepositoryOrder

Ordering options for repository connections.

### Input fields for `RepositoryOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (RepositoryOrderField!): The field to order repositories by.

## RepositoryPropertyConditionTargetInput

Parameters to be used for the repository\_property condition.

### Input fields for `RepositoryPropertyConditionTargetInput`

* `exclude` (\[PropertyTargetDefinitionInput!]!): Array of repository properties that must not match.
* `include` (\[PropertyTargetDefinitionInput!]!): Array of repository properties that must match.

## RepositoryRuleConditionsInput

Specifies the conditions required for a ruleset to evaluate.

### Input fields for `RepositoryRuleConditionsInput`

* `organizationProperty` (OrganizationPropertyConditionTargetInput): Configuration for the organization\_property condition.
* `refName` (RefNameConditionTargetInput): Configuration for the ref\_name condition.
* `repositoryId` (RepositoryIdConditionTargetInput): Configuration for the repository\_id condition.
* `repositoryName` (RepositoryNameConditionTargetInput): Configuration for the repository\_name condition.
* `repositoryProperty` (RepositoryPropertyConditionTargetInput): Configuration for the repository\_property condition.

## RepositoryRuleInput

Specifies the attributes for a new or updated rule.

### Input fields for `RepositoryRuleInput`

* `id` (ID): Optional ID of this rule when updating.
* `parameters` (RuleParametersInput): The parameters for the rule.
* `type` (RepositoryRuleType!): The type of rule to create.

## RepositoryRuleOrder

Ordering options for repository rules.

### Input fields for `RepositoryRuleOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (RepositoryRuleOrderField!): The field to order repository rules by.

## RepositoryRulesetBypassActorInput

Specifies the attributes for a new or updated ruleset bypass actor. Only one of
actor\_id, repository\_role\_database\_id, organization\_admin, or deploy\_key
should be specified.

### Input fields for `RepositoryRulesetBypassActorInput`

* `actorId` (ID): For Team and Integration bypasses, the Team or Integration ID.
* `bypassMode` (RepositoryRulesetBypassActorBypassMode!): The bypass mode for this actor.
* `deployKey` (Boolean): For deploy key bypasses, true. Can only use ALWAYS as the bypass mode.
* `enterpriseOwner` (Boolean): For enterprise owner bypasses, true.
* `organizationAdmin` (Boolean): For organization owner bypasses, true.
* `repositoryRoleDatabaseId` (Int): For role bypasses, the role database ID.

## ReprioritizeSubIssueInput

Autogenerated input type of ReprioritizeSubIssue.

### Input fields for `ReprioritizeSubIssueInput`

* `afterId` (ID): The id of the sub-issue to be prioritized after (either positional argument after OR before should be specified).
* `beforeId` (ID): The id of the sub-issue to be prioritized before (either positional argument after OR before should be specified).
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `issueId` (ID!): The id of the parent issue.
* `subIssueId` (ID!): The id of the sub-issue to reprioritize.

## RequestReviewsByLoginInput

Autogenerated input type of RequestReviewsByLogin.

### Input fields for `RequestReviewsByLoginInput`

* `botLogins` (\[String!]): The logins of the bots to request reviews from, including the \[bot] suffix (e.g., 'copilot-pull-request-reviewer\[bot]').
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `pullRequestId` (ID!): The Node ID of the pull request to modify.
* `teamSlugs` (\[String!]): The slugs of the teams to request reviews from (format: 'org/team-slug').
* `union` (Boolean): Add users to the set rather than replace.
* `userLogins` (\[String!]): The login strings of the users to request reviews from.

## RequestReviewsInput

Autogenerated input type of RequestReviews.

### Input fields for `RequestReviewsInput`

* `botIds` (\[ID!]): The Node IDs of the bot to request.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `pullRequestId` (ID!): The Node ID of the pull request to modify.
* `teamIds` (\[ID!]): The Node IDs of the team to request.
* `union` (Boolean): Add users to the set rather than replace.
* `userIds` (\[ID!]): The Node IDs of the user to request.

## RequiredDeploymentsParametersInput

Choose which environments must be successfully deployed to before refs can be pushed into a ref that matches this rule.

### Input fields for `RequiredDeploymentsParametersInput`

* `requiredDeploymentEnvironments` (\[String!]!): The environments that must be successfully deployed to before branches can be merged.

## RequiredReviewerConfigurationInput

A reviewing team, and file patterns describing which files they must approve changes to.

### Input fields for `RequiredReviewerConfigurationInput`

* `filePatterns` (\[String!]!): Array of file patterns. Pull requests which change matching files must be
  approved by the specified team. File patterns use fnmatch syntax.
* `minimumApprovals` (Int!): Minimum number of approvals required from the specified team. If set to zero,
  the team will be added to the pull request but approval is optional.
* `reviewerId` (ID!): Node ID of the team which must review changes to matching files.

## RequiredStatusCheckInput

Specifies the attributes for a new or updated required status check.

### Input fields for `RequiredStatusCheckInput`

* `appId` (ID): The ID of the App that must set the status in order for it to be accepted.
  Omit this value to use whichever app has recently been setting this status, or
  use "any" to allow any app to set the status.
* `context` (String!): Status check context that must pass for commits to be accepted to the matching branch.

## RequiredStatusChecksParametersInput

Choose which status checks must pass before the ref is updated. When enabled,
commits must first be pushed to another ref where the checks pass.

### Input fields for `RequiredStatusChecksParametersInput`

* `doNotEnforceOnCreate` (Boolean): Allow repositories and branches to be created if a check would otherwise prohibit it.
* `requiredStatusChecks` (\[StatusCheckConfigurationInput!]!): Status checks that are required.
* `strictRequiredStatusChecksPolicy` (Boolean!): Whether pull requests targeting a matching branch must be tested with the
  latest code. This setting will not take effect unless at least one status
  check is enabled.

## RerequestCheckSuiteInput

Autogenerated input type of RerequestCheckSuite.

### Input fields for `RerequestCheckSuiteInput`

* `checkSuiteId` (ID!): The Node ID of the check suite.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `repositoryId` (ID!): The Node ID of the repository.

## ResolveReviewThreadInput

Autogenerated input type of ResolveReviewThread.

### Input fields for `ResolveReviewThreadInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `threadId` (ID!): The ID of the thread to resolve.

## RetireSponsorsTierInput

Autogenerated input type of RetireSponsorsTier.

### Input fields for `RetireSponsorsTierInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `tierId` (ID!): The ID of the published tier to retire.

## RevertPullRequestInput

Autogenerated input type of RevertPullRequest.

### Input fields for `RevertPullRequestInput`

* `body` (String): The description of the revert pull request.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `draft` (Boolean): Indicates whether the revert pull request should be a draft.
* `pullRequestId` (ID!): The ID of the pull request to revert.
* `title` (String): The title of the revert pull request.

## RevokeEnterpriseOrganizationsMigratorRoleInput

Autogenerated input type of RevokeEnterpriseOrganizationsMigratorRole.

### Input fields for `RevokeEnterpriseOrganizationsMigratorRoleInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `enterpriseId` (ID!): The ID of the enterprise to which all organizations managed by it will be granted the migrator role.
* `login` (String!): The login of the user to revoke the migrator role.

## RevokeMigratorRoleInput

Autogenerated input type of RevokeMigratorRole.

### Input fields for `RevokeMigratorRoleInput`

* `actor` (String!): The user login or Team slug to revoke the migrator role from.
* `actorType` (ActorType!): Specifies the type of the actor, can be either USER or TEAM.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `organizationId` (ID!): The ID of the organization that the user/team belongs to.

## RuleParametersInput

Specifies the parameters for a RepositoryRule object. Only one of the fields should be specified.

### Input fields for `RuleParametersInput`

* `branchNamePattern` (BranchNamePatternParametersInput): Parameters used for the branch\_name\_pattern rule type.
* `codeScanning` (CodeScanningParametersInput): Parameters used for the code\_scanning rule type.
* `commitAuthorEmailPattern` (CommitAuthorEmailPatternParametersInput): Parameters used for the commit\_author\_email\_pattern rule type.
* `commitMessagePattern` (CommitMessagePatternParametersInput): Parameters used for the commit\_message\_pattern rule type.
* `committerEmailPattern` (CommitterEmailPatternParametersInput): Parameters used for the committer\_email\_pattern rule type.
* `copilotCodeReview` (CopilotCodeReviewParametersInput): Parameters used for the copilot\_code\_review rule type.
* `fileExtensionRestriction` (FileExtensionRestrictionParametersInput): Parameters used for the file\_extension\_restriction rule type.
* `filePathRestriction` (FilePathRestrictionParametersInput): Parameters used for the file\_path\_restriction rule type.
* `maxFilePathLength` (MaxFilePathLengthParametersInput): Parameters used for the max\_file\_path\_length rule type.
* `maxFileSize` (MaxFileSizeParametersInput): Parameters used for the max\_file\_size rule type.
* `mergeQueue` (MergeQueueParametersInput): Parameters used for the merge\_queue rule type.
* `pullRequest` (PullRequestParametersInput): Parameters used for the pull\_request rule type.
* `requiredDeployments` (RequiredDeploymentsParametersInput): Parameters used for the required\_deployments rule type.
* `requiredStatusChecks` (RequiredStatusChecksParametersInput): Parameters used for the required\_status\_checks rule type.
* `tagNamePattern` (TagNamePatternParametersInput): Parameters used for the tag\_name\_pattern rule type.
* `update` (UpdateParametersInput): Parameters used for the update rule type.
* `workflows` (WorkflowsParametersInput): Parameters used for the workflows rule type.

## SavedReplyOrder

Ordering options for saved reply connections.

### Input fields for `SavedReplyOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (SavedReplyOrderField!): The field to order saved replies by.

## SecurityAdvisoryIdentifierFilter

An advisory identifier to filter results on.

### Input fields for `SecurityAdvisoryIdentifierFilter`

* `type` (SecurityAdvisoryIdentifierType!): The identifier type.
* `value` (String!): The identifier string. Supports exact or partial matching.

## SecurityAdvisoryOrder

Ordering options for security advisory connections.

### Input fields for `SecurityAdvisoryOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (SecurityAdvisoryOrderField!): The field to order security advisories by.

## SecurityVulnerabilityOrder

Ordering options for security vulnerability connections.

### Input fields for `SecurityVulnerabilityOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (SecurityVulnerabilityOrderField!): The field to order security vulnerabilities by.

## SetEnterpriseIdentityProviderInput

Autogenerated input type of SetEnterpriseIdentityProvider.

### Input fields for `SetEnterpriseIdentityProviderInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `digestMethod` (SamlDigestAlgorithm!): The digest algorithm used to sign SAML requests for the identity provider.
* `enterpriseId` (ID!): The ID of the enterprise on which to set an identity provider.
* `idpCertificate` (String!): The x509 certificate used by the identity provider to sign assertions and responses.
* `issuer` (String): The Issuer Entity ID for the SAML identity provider.
* `signatureMethod` (SamlSignatureAlgorithm!): The signature algorithm used to sign SAML requests for the identity provider.
* `ssoUrl` (URI!): The URL endpoint for the identity provider's SAML SSO.

## SetIssueFieldValueInput

Autogenerated input type of SetIssueFieldValue.

### Input fields for `SetIssueFieldValueInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `issueFields` (\[IssueFieldCreateOrUpdateInput!]!): The issue fields to set on the issue.
* `issueId` (ID!): The ID of the Issue to set the field value on.

## SetOrganizationInteractionLimitInput

Autogenerated input type of SetOrganizationInteractionLimit.

### Input fields for `SetOrganizationInteractionLimitInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `expiry` (RepositoryInteractionLimitExpiry): When this limit should expire.
* `limit` (RepositoryInteractionLimit!): The limit to set.
* `organizationId` (ID!): The ID of the organization to set a limit for.

## SetRepositoryCustomPropertyValuesInput

Autogenerated input type of SetRepositoryCustomPropertyValues.

### Input fields for `SetRepositoryCustomPropertyValuesInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `properties` (\[CustomPropertyValueInput!]!): A list of custom property names and associated values to apply.
* `repositoryId` (ID!): The ID of the repository to set properties for.

## SetRepositoryInteractionLimitInput

Autogenerated input type of SetRepositoryInteractionLimit.

### Input fields for `SetRepositoryInteractionLimitInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `expiry` (RepositoryInteractionLimitExpiry): When this limit should expire.
* `limit` (RepositoryInteractionLimit!): The limit to set.
* `repositoryId` (ID!): The ID of the repository to set a limit for.

## SetUserInteractionLimitInput

Autogenerated input type of SetUserInteractionLimit.

### Input fields for `SetUserInteractionLimitInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `expiry` (RepositoryInteractionLimitExpiry): When this limit should expire.
* `limit` (RepositoryInteractionLimit!): The limit to set.
* `userId` (ID!): The ID of the user to set a limit for.

## SponsorAndLifetimeValueOrder

Ordering options for connections to get sponsor entities and associated USD amounts for GitHub Sponsors.

### Input fields for `SponsorAndLifetimeValueOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (SponsorAndLifetimeValueOrderField!): The field to order results by.

## SponsorOrder

Ordering options for connections to get sponsor entities for GitHub Sponsors.

### Input fields for `SponsorOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (SponsorOrderField!): The field to order sponsor entities by.

## SponsorableOrder

Ordering options for connections to get sponsorable entities for GitHub Sponsors.

### Input fields for `SponsorableOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (SponsorableOrderField!): The field to order sponsorable entities by.

## SponsorsActivityOrder

Ordering options for GitHub Sponsors activity connections.

### Input fields for `SponsorsActivityOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (SponsorsActivityOrderField!): The field to order activity by.

## SponsorsTierOrder

Ordering options for Sponsors tiers connections.

### Input fields for `SponsorsTierOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (SponsorsTierOrderField!): The field to order tiers by.

## SponsorshipNewsletterOrder

Ordering options for sponsorship newsletter connections.

### Input fields for `SponsorshipNewsletterOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (SponsorshipNewsletterOrderField!): The field to order sponsorship newsletters by.

## SponsorshipOrder

Ordering options for sponsorship connections.

### Input fields for `SponsorshipOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (SponsorshipOrderField!): The field to order sponsorship by.

## StarOrder

Ways in which star connections can be ordered.

### Input fields for `StarOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The direction in which to order nodes.
* `field` (StarOrderField!): The field in which to order nodes by.

## StartOrganizationMigrationInput

Autogenerated input type of StartOrganizationMigration.

### Input fields for `StartOrganizationMigrationInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `sourceAccessToken` (String!): The migration source access token.
* `sourceOrgUrl` (URI!): The URL of the organization to migrate.
* `targetEnterpriseId` (ID!): The ID of the enterprise the target organization belongs to.
* `targetOrgName` (String!): The name of the target organization.

## StartRepositoryMigrationInput

Autogenerated input type of StartRepositoryMigration.

### Input fields for `StartRepositoryMigrationInput`

* `accessToken` (String): The migration source access token.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `continueOnError` (Boolean): Whether to continue the migration on error. Defaults to true.
* `gitArchiveUrl` (String): The signed URL to access the user-uploaded git archive.
* `githubPat` (String): The GitHub personal access token of the user importing to the target repository.
* `lockSource` (Boolean): Whether to lock the source repository.
* `metadataArchiveUrl` (String): The signed URL to access the user-uploaded metadata archive.
* `ownerId` (ID!): The ID of the organization that will own the imported repository.
* `repositoryName` (String!): The name of the imported repository.
* `skipReleases` (Boolean): Whether to skip migrating releases for the repository.
* `sourceId` (ID!): The ID of the migration source.
* `sourceRepositoryUrl` (URI!): The URL of the source repository.
* `targetRepoVisibility` (String): The visibility of the imported repository.

## StatusCheckConfigurationInput

Required status check.

### Input fields for `StatusCheckConfigurationInput`

* `context` (String!): The status check context name that must be present on the commit.
* `integrationId` (Int): The optional integration ID that this status check must originate from.

## SubmitPullRequestReviewInput

Autogenerated input type of SubmitPullRequestReview.

### Input fields for `SubmitPullRequestReviewInput`

* `body` (String): The text field to set on the Pull Request Review.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `event` (PullRequestReviewEvent!): The event to send to the Pull Request Review.
* `pullRequestId` (ID): The Pull Request ID to submit any pending reviews.
* `pullRequestReviewId` (ID): The Pull Request Review ID to submit.

## TagNamePatternParametersInput

Parameters to be used for the tag\_name\_pattern rule.

### Input fields for `TagNamePatternParametersInput`

* `name` (String): How this rule appears when configuring it.
* `negate` (Boolean): If true, the rule will fail if the pattern matches.
* `operator` (String!): The operator to use for matching.
* `pattern` (String!): The pattern to match with.

## TeamMemberOrder

Ordering options for team member connections.

### Input fields for `TeamMemberOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (TeamMemberOrderField!): The field to order team members by.

## TeamOrder

Ways in which team connections can be ordered.

### Input fields for `TeamOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The direction in which to order nodes.
* `field` (TeamOrderField!): The field in which to order nodes by.

## TeamRepositoryOrder

Ordering options for team repository connections.

### Input fields for `TeamRepositoryOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (TeamRepositoryOrderField!): The field to order repositories by.

## TransferEnterpriseOrganizationInput

Autogenerated input type of TransferEnterpriseOrganization.

### Input fields for `TransferEnterpriseOrganizationInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `destinationEnterpriseId` (ID!): The ID of the enterprise where the organization should be transferred.
* `organizationId` (ID!): The ID of the organization to transfer.

## TransferIssueInput

Autogenerated input type of TransferIssue.

### Input fields for `TransferIssueInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `createLabelsIfMissing` (Boolean): Whether to create labels if they don't exist in the target repository (matched by name).
* `issueId` (ID!): The Node ID of the issue to be transferred.
* `repositoryId` (ID!): The Node ID of the repository the issue should be transferred to.

## UnarchiveProjectV2ItemInput

Autogenerated input type of UnarchiveProjectV2Item.

### Input fields for `UnarchiveProjectV2ItemInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `itemId` (ID!): The ID of the ProjectV2Item to unarchive.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the Project to archive the item from.

## UnarchivePullRequestInput

Autogenerated input type of UnarchivePullRequest.

### Input fields for `UnarchivePullRequestInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `pullRequestId` (ID!): The Node ID of the pull request to unarchive.

## UnarchiveRepositoryInput

Autogenerated input type of UnarchiveRepository.

### Input fields for `UnarchiveRepositoryInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `repositoryId` (ID!): The ID of the repository to unarchive.

## UnfollowOrganizationInput

Autogenerated input type of UnfollowOrganization.

### Input fields for `UnfollowOrganizationInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `organizationId` (ID!): ID of the organization to unfollow.

## UnfollowUserInput

Autogenerated input type of UnfollowUser.

### Input fields for `UnfollowUserInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `userId` (ID!): ID of the user to unfollow.

## UnlinkProjectV2FromRepositoryInput

Autogenerated input type of UnlinkProjectV2FromRepository.

### Input fields for `UnlinkProjectV2FromRepositoryInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the project to unlink from the repository.
* `repositoryId` (ID!): The ID of the repository to unlink from the project.

## UnlinkProjectV2FromTeamInput

Autogenerated input type of UnlinkProjectV2FromTeam.

### Input fields for `UnlinkProjectV2FromTeamInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the project to unlink from the team.
* `teamId` (ID!): The ID of the team to unlink from the project.

## UnlinkRepositoryFromProjectInput

Autogenerated input type of UnlinkRepositoryFromProject.

### Input fields for `UnlinkRepositoryFromProjectInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the Project linked to the Repository.
* `repositoryId` (ID!): The ID of the Repository linked to the Project.

## UnlockLockableInput

Autogenerated input type of UnlockLockable.

### Input fields for `UnlockLockableInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `lockableId` (ID!): ID of the item to be unlocked.

## UnmarkDiscussionCommentAsAnswerInput

Autogenerated input type of UnmarkDiscussionCommentAsAnswer.

### Input fields for `UnmarkDiscussionCommentAsAnswerInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the discussion comment to unmark as an answer.

## UnmarkFileAsViewedInput

Autogenerated input type of UnmarkFileAsViewed.

### Input fields for `UnmarkFileAsViewedInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `path` (String!): The path of the file to mark as unviewed.
* `pullRequestId` (ID!): The Node ID of the pull request.

## UnmarkIssueAsDuplicateInput

Autogenerated input type of UnmarkIssueAsDuplicate.

### Input fields for `UnmarkIssueAsDuplicateInput`

* `canonicalId` (ID!): ID of the issue or pull request currently considered canonical/authoritative/original.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `duplicateId` (ID!): ID of the issue or pull request currently marked as a duplicate.

## UnmarkProjectV2AsTemplateInput

Autogenerated input type of UnmarkProjectV2AsTemplate.

### Input fields for `UnmarkProjectV2AsTemplateInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the Project to unmark as a template.

## UnminimizeCommentInput

Autogenerated input type of UnminimizeComment.

### Input fields for `UnminimizeCommentInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `subjectId` (ID!): The Node ID of the subject to modify.

## UnpinIssueCommentInput

Autogenerated input type of UnpinIssueComment.

### Input fields for `UnpinIssueCommentInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `issueCommentId` (ID!): The ID of the Issue Comment to unpin. Comment pinning is not supported on Pull Requests.

## UnpinIssueInput

Autogenerated input type of UnpinIssue.

### Input fields for `UnpinIssueInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `issueId` (ID!): The ID of the issue to be unpinned.

## UnresolveReviewThreadInput

Autogenerated input type of UnresolveReviewThread.

### Input fields for `UnresolveReviewThreadInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `threadId` (ID!): The ID of the thread to unresolve.

## UpdateBranchProtectionRuleInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateBranchProtectionRule.

### Input fields for `UpdateBranchProtectionRuleInput`

* `allowsDeletions` (Boolean): Can this branch be deleted.
* `allowsForcePushes` (Boolean): Are force pushes allowed on this branch.
* `blocksCreations` (Boolean): Is branch creation a protected operation.
* `branchProtectionRuleId` (ID!): The global relay id of the branch protection rule to be updated.
* `bypassForcePushActorIds` (\[ID!]): A list of User, Team, or App IDs allowed to bypass force push targeting matching branches.
* `bypassPullRequestActorIds` (\[ID!]): A list of User, Team, or App IDs allowed to bypass pull requests targeting matching branches.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `dismissesStaleReviews` (Boolean): Will new commits pushed to matching branches dismiss pull request review approvals.
* `isAdminEnforced` (Boolean): Can admins override branch protection.
* `lockAllowsFetchAndMerge` (Boolean): Whether users can pull changes from upstream when the branch is locked. Set to
  true to allow fork syncing. Set to false to prevent fork syncing.
* `lockBranch` (Boolean): Whether to set the branch as read-only. If this is true, users will not be able to push to the branch.
* `pattern` (String): The glob-like pattern used to determine matching branches.
* `pushActorIds` (\[ID!]): A list of User, Team, or App IDs allowed to push to matching branches.
* `requireLastPushApproval` (Boolean): Whether the most recent push must be approved by someone other than the person who pushed it.
* `requiredApprovingReviewCount` (Int): Number of approving reviews required to update matching branches.
* `requiredDeploymentEnvironments` (\[String!]): The list of required deployment environments.
* `requiredStatusCheckContexts` (\[String!]): List of required status check contexts that must pass for commits to be accepted to matching branches.
* `requiredStatusChecks` (\[RequiredStatusCheckInput!]): The list of required status checks.
* `requiresApprovingReviews` (Boolean): Are approving reviews required to update matching branches.
* `requiresCodeOwnerReviews` (Boolean): Are reviews from code owners required to update matching branches.
* `requiresCommitSignatures` (Boolean): Are commits required to be signed.
* `requiresConversationResolution` (Boolean): Are conversations required to be resolved before merging.
* `requiresDeployments` (Boolean): Are successful deployments required before merging.
* `requiresLinearHistory` (Boolean): Are merge commits prohibited from being pushed to this branch.
* `requiresStatusChecks` (Boolean): Are status checks required to update matching branches.
* `requiresStrictStatusChecks` (Boolean): Are branches required to be up to date before merging.
* `restrictsPushes` (Boolean): Is pushing to matching branches restricted.
* `restrictsReviewDismissals` (Boolean): Is dismissal of pull request reviews restricted.
* `reviewDismissalActorIds` (\[ID!]): A list of User, Team, or App IDs allowed to dismiss reviews on pull requests targeting matching branches.

## UpdateCheckRunInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateCheckRun.

### Input fields for `UpdateCheckRunInput`

* `actions` (\[CheckRunAction!]): Possible further actions the integrator can perform, which a user may trigger.
* `checkRunId` (ID!): The node of the check.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `completedAt` (DateTime): The time that the check run finished.
* `conclusion` (CheckConclusionState): The final conclusion of the check.
* `detailsUrl` (URI): The URL of the integrator's site that has the full details of the check.
* `externalId` (String): A reference for the run on the integrator's system.
* `name` (String): The name of the check.
* `output` (CheckRunOutput): Descriptive details about the run.
* `repositoryId` (ID!): The node ID of the repository.
* `startedAt` (DateTime): The time that the check run began.
* `status` (RequestableCheckStatusState): The current status.

## UpdateCheckSuitePreferencesInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateCheckSuitePreferences.

### Input fields for `UpdateCheckSuitePreferencesInput`

* `autoTriggerPreferences` (\[CheckSuiteAutoTriggerPreference!]!): The check suite preferences to modify.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `repositoryId` (ID!): The Node ID of the repository.

## UpdateDiscussionCommentInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateDiscussionComment.

### Input fields for `UpdateDiscussionCommentInput`

* `body` (String!): The new contents of the comment body.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `commentId` (ID!): The Node ID of the discussion comment to update.

## UpdateDiscussionInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateDiscussion.

### Input fields for `UpdateDiscussionInput`

* `body` (String): The new contents of the discussion body.
* `categoryId` (ID): The Node ID of a discussion category within the same repository to change this discussion to.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `discussionId` (ID!): The Node ID of the discussion to update.
* `title` (String): The new discussion title.

## UpdateEnterpriseAdministratorRoleInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateEnterpriseAdministratorRole.

### Input fields for `UpdateEnterpriseAdministratorRoleInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `enterpriseId` (ID!): The ID of the Enterprise which the admin belongs to.
* `login` (String!): The login of a administrator whose role is being changed.
* `role` (EnterpriseAdministratorRole!): The new role for the Enterprise administrator.

## UpdateEnterpriseAllowPrivateRepositoryForkingSettingInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateEnterpriseAllowPrivateRepositoryForkingSetting.

### Input fields for `UpdateEnterpriseAllowPrivateRepositoryForkingSettingInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `enterpriseId` (ID!): The ID of the enterprise on which to set the allow private repository forking setting.
* `policyValue` (EnterpriseAllowPrivateRepositoryForkingPolicyValue): The value for the allow private repository forking policy on the enterprise.
* `settingValue` (EnterpriseEnabledDisabledSettingValue!): The value for the allow private repository forking setting on the enterprise.

## UpdateEnterpriseDefaultRepositoryPermissionSettingInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateEnterpriseDefaultRepositoryPermissionSetting.

### Input fields for `UpdateEnterpriseDefaultRepositoryPermissionSettingInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `enterpriseId` (ID!): The ID of the enterprise on which to set the base repository permission setting.
* `settingValue` (EnterpriseDefaultRepositoryPermissionSettingValue!): The value for the base repository permission setting on the enterprise.

## UpdateEnterpriseDeployKeySettingInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateEnterpriseDeployKeySetting.

### Input fields for `UpdateEnterpriseDeployKeySettingInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `enterpriseId` (ID!): The ID of the enterprise on which to set the deploy key setting.
* `settingValue` (EnterpriseEnabledDisabledSettingValue!): The value for the deploy key setting on the enterprise.

## UpdateEnterpriseMembersCanChangeRepositoryVisibilitySettingInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateEnterpriseMembersCanChangeRepositoryVisibilitySetting.

### Input fields for `UpdateEnterpriseMembersCanChangeRepositoryVisibilitySettingInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `enterpriseId` (ID!): The ID of the enterprise on which to set the members can change repository visibility setting.
* `settingValue` (EnterpriseEnabledDisabledSettingValue!): The value for the members can change repository visibility setting on the enterprise.

## UpdateEnterpriseMembersCanCreateRepositoriesSettingInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateEnterpriseMembersCanCreateRepositoriesSetting.

### Input fields for `UpdateEnterpriseMembersCanCreateRepositoriesSettingInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `enterpriseId` (ID!): The ID of the enterprise on which to set the members can create repositories setting.
* `membersCanCreateInternalRepositories` (Boolean): Allow members to create internal repositories. Defaults to current value.
* `membersCanCreatePrivateRepositories` (Boolean): Allow members to create private repositories. Defaults to current value.
* `membersCanCreatePublicRepositories` (Boolean): Allow members to create public repositories. Defaults to current value.
* `membersCanCreateRepositoriesPolicyEnabled` (Boolean): When false, allow member organizations to set their own repository creation member privileges.
* `settingValue` (EnterpriseMembersCanCreateRepositoriesSettingValue): Value for the members can create repositories setting on the enterprise. This
  or the granular public/private/internal allowed fields (but not both) must be provided.

## UpdateEnterpriseMembersCanDeleteIssuesSettingInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateEnterpriseMembersCanDeleteIssuesSetting.

### Input fields for `UpdateEnterpriseMembersCanDeleteIssuesSettingInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `enterpriseId` (ID!): The ID of the enterprise on which to set the members can delete issues setting.
* `settingValue` (EnterpriseEnabledDisabledSettingValue!): The value for the members can delete issues setting on the enterprise.

## UpdateEnterpriseMembersCanDeleteRepositoriesSettingInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateEnterpriseMembersCanDeleteRepositoriesSetting.

### Input fields for `UpdateEnterpriseMembersCanDeleteRepositoriesSettingInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `enterpriseId` (ID!): The ID of the enterprise on which to set the members can delete repositories setting.
* `settingValue` (EnterpriseEnabledDisabledSettingValue!): The value for the members can delete repositories setting on the enterprise.

## UpdateEnterpriseMembersCanInviteCollaboratorsSettingInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateEnterpriseMembersCanInviteCollaboratorsSetting.

### Input fields for `UpdateEnterpriseMembersCanInviteCollaboratorsSettingInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `enterpriseId` (ID!): The ID of the enterprise on which to set the members can invite collaborators setting.
* `settingValue` (EnterpriseEnabledDisabledSettingValue!): The value for the members can invite collaborators setting on the enterprise.

## UpdateEnterpriseMembersCanMakePurchasesSettingInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateEnterpriseMembersCanMakePurchasesSetting.

### Input fields for `UpdateEnterpriseMembersCanMakePurchasesSettingInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `enterpriseId` (ID!): The ID of the enterprise on which to set the members can make purchases setting.
* `settingValue` (EnterpriseMembersCanMakePurchasesSettingValue!): The value for the members can make purchases setting on the enterprise.

## UpdateEnterpriseMembersCanUpdateProtectedBranchesSettingInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateEnterpriseMembersCanUpdateProtectedBranchesSetting.

### Input fields for `UpdateEnterpriseMembersCanUpdateProtectedBranchesSettingInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `enterpriseId` (ID!): The ID of the enterprise on which to set the members can update protected branches setting.
* `settingValue` (EnterpriseEnabledDisabledSettingValue!): The value for the members can update protected branches setting on the enterprise.

## UpdateEnterpriseMembersCanViewDependencyInsightsSettingInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateEnterpriseMembersCanViewDependencyInsightsSetting.

### Input fields for `UpdateEnterpriseMembersCanViewDependencyInsightsSettingInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `enterpriseId` (ID!): The ID of the enterprise on which to set the members can view dependency insights setting.
* `settingValue` (EnterpriseEnabledDisabledSettingValue!): The value for the members can view dependency insights setting on the enterprise.

## UpdateEnterpriseOrganizationProjectsSettingInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateEnterpriseOrganizationProjectsSetting.

### Input fields for `UpdateEnterpriseOrganizationProjectsSettingInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `enterpriseId` (ID!): The ID of the enterprise on which to set the organization projects setting.
* `settingValue` (EnterpriseEnabledDisabledSettingValue!): The value for the organization projects setting on the enterprise.

## UpdateEnterpriseOwnerOrganizationRoleInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateEnterpriseOwnerOrganizationRole.

### Input fields for `UpdateEnterpriseOwnerOrganizationRoleInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `enterpriseId` (ID!): The ID of the Enterprise which the owner belongs to.
* `organizationId` (ID!): The ID of the organization for membership change.
* `organizationRole` (RoleInOrganization!): The role to assume in the organization.

## UpdateEnterpriseProfileInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateEnterpriseProfile.

### Input fields for `UpdateEnterpriseProfileInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `description` (String): The description of the enterprise.
* `enterpriseId` (ID!): The Enterprise ID to update.
* `location` (String): The location of the enterprise.
* `name` (String): The name of the enterprise.
* `securityContactEmail` (String): The security contact email address of the enterprise.
* `websiteUrl` (String): The URL of the enterprise's website.

## UpdateEnterpriseRepositoryProjectsSettingInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateEnterpriseRepositoryProjectsSetting.

### Input fields for `UpdateEnterpriseRepositoryProjectsSettingInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `enterpriseId` (ID!): The ID of the enterprise on which to set the repository projects setting.
* `settingValue` (EnterpriseEnabledDisabledSettingValue!): The value for the repository projects setting on the enterprise.

## UpdateEnterpriseTwoFactorAuthenticationDisallowedMethodsSettingInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateEnterpriseTwoFactorAuthenticationDisallowedMethodsSetting.

### Input fields for `UpdateEnterpriseTwoFactorAuthenticationDisallowedMethodsSettingInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `enterpriseId` (ID!): The ID of the enterprise on which to set the two-factor authentication disallowed methods setting.
* `settingValue` (EnterpriseDisallowedMethodsSettingValue!): The value for the two-factor authentication disallowed methods setting on the enterprise.

## UpdateEnterpriseTwoFactorAuthenticationRequiredSettingInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateEnterpriseTwoFactorAuthenticationRequiredSetting.

### Input fields for `UpdateEnterpriseTwoFactorAuthenticationRequiredSettingInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `enterpriseId` (ID!): The ID of the enterprise on which to set the two factor authentication required setting.
* `settingValue` (EnterpriseEnabledSettingValue!): The value for the two factor authentication required setting on the enterprise.

## UpdateEnvironmentInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateEnvironment.

### Input fields for `UpdateEnvironmentInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `environmentId` (ID!): The node ID of the environment.
* `preventSelfReview` (Boolean): Whether deployments to this environment can be approved by the user who created the deployment.
* `reviewers` (\[ID!]): The ids of users or teams that can approve deployments to this environment.
* `waitTimer` (Int): The wait timer in minutes.

## UpdateIpAllowListEnabledSettingInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateIpAllowListEnabledSetting.

### Input fields for `UpdateIpAllowListEnabledSettingInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `ownerId` (ID!): The ID of the owner on which to set the IP allow list enabled setting.
* `settingValue` (IpAllowListEnabledSettingValue!): The value for the IP allow list enabled setting.

## UpdateIpAllowListEntryInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateIpAllowListEntry.

### Input fields for `UpdateIpAllowListEntryInput`

* `allowListValue` (String!): An IP address or range of addresses in CIDR notation.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `ipAllowListEntryId` (ID!): The ID of the IP allow list entry to update.
* `isActive` (Boolean!): Whether the IP allow list entry is active when an IP allow list is enabled.
* `name` (String): An optional name for the IP allow list entry.

## UpdateIpAllowListForInstalledAppsEnabledSettingInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateIpAllowListForInstalledAppsEnabledSetting.

### Input fields for `UpdateIpAllowListForInstalledAppsEnabledSettingInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `ownerId` (ID!): The ID of the owner.
* `settingValue` (IpAllowListForInstalledAppsEnabledSettingValue!): The value for the IP allow list configuration for installed GitHub Apps setting.

## UpdateIpAllowListUserLevelEnforcementEnabledSettingInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateIpAllowListUserLevelEnforcementEnabledSetting.

### Input fields for `UpdateIpAllowListUserLevelEnforcementEnabledSettingInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `ownerId` (ID!): The ID of the owner.
* `settingValue` (IpAllowListUserLevelEnforcementEnabledSettingValue!): The value for the IP allow list user-level enforcement enabled setting.

## UpdateIssueCommentInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateIssueComment.

### Input fields for `UpdateIssueCommentInput`

* `body` (String!): The updated text of the comment.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `id` (ID!): The ID of the IssueComment to modify.

## UpdateIssueFieldInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateIssueField.

### Input fields for `UpdateIssueFieldInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `description` (String): A description of the issue field.
* `id` (ID!): The ID of the issue field to update.
* `name` (String): The name of the issue field.
* `options` (\[IssueFieldSingleSelectOptionInput!]): The options for the issue field if applicable.
* `visibility` (IssueFieldVisibility): The visibility of the issue field.

## UpdateIssueFieldValueInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateIssueFieldValue.

### Input fields for `UpdateIssueFieldValueInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `issueField` (IssueFieldCreateOrUpdateInput!): The field value to update.
* `issueId` (ID!): The ID of the issue.

## UpdateIssueInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateIssue.

### Input fields for `UpdateIssueInput`

* `agentAssignment` (AgentAssignmentInput): Configuration for assigning an AI agent to this issue.
* `assigneeIds` (\[ID!]): An array of Node IDs of users or bots for this issue.
* `body` (String): The body for the issue description.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `id` (ID!): The ID of the Issue to modify.
* `issueTypeId` (ID): The ID of the Issue Type for this issue.
* `labelIds` (\[ID!]): An array of Node IDs of labels for this issue.
* `milestoneId` (ID): The Node ID of the milestone for this issue.
* `projectIds` (\[ID!]): An array of Node IDs for projects associated with this issue.
* `state` (IssueState): The desired issue state.
* `title` (String): The title for the issue.

## UpdateIssueIssueTypeInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateIssueIssueType.

### Input fields for `UpdateIssueIssueTypeInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `issueId` (ID!): The ID of the issue to update.
* `issueTypeId` (ID): The ID of the issue type to update on the issue.

## UpdateIssueTypeInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateIssueType.

### Input fields for `UpdateIssueTypeInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `color` (IssueTypeColor): Color for the issue type.
* `description` (String): The description of the issue type.
* `isEnabled` (Boolean): Whether or not the issue type is enabled for the organization.
* `issueTypeId` (ID!): The ID of the issue type to update.
* `name` (String): The name of the issue type.

## UpdateLabelInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateLabel.

### Input fields for `UpdateLabelInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `color` (String): A 6 character hex code, without the leading #, identifying the updated color of the label.
* `description` (String): A brief description of the label, such as its purpose.
* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the label to be updated.
* `name` (String): The updated name of the label.

## UpdateNotificationRestrictionSettingInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateNotificationRestrictionSetting.

### Input fields for `UpdateNotificationRestrictionSettingInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `ownerId` (ID!): The ID of the owner on which to set the restrict notifications setting.
* `settingValue` (NotificationRestrictionSettingValue!): The value for the restrict notifications setting.

## UpdateOrganizationAllowPrivateRepositoryForkingSettingInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateOrganizationAllowPrivateRepositoryForkingSetting.

### Input fields for `UpdateOrganizationAllowPrivateRepositoryForkingSettingInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `forkingEnabled` (Boolean!): Enable forking of private repositories in the organization?.
* `organizationId` (ID!): The ID of the organization on which to set the allow private repository forking setting.

## UpdateOrganizationWebCommitSignoffSettingInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateOrganizationWebCommitSignoffSetting.

### Input fields for `UpdateOrganizationWebCommitSignoffSettingInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `organizationId` (ID!): The ID of the organization on which to set the web commit signoff setting.
* `webCommitSignoffRequired` (Boolean!): Enable signoff on web-based commits for repositories in the organization?.

## UpdateParametersInput

Only allow users with bypass permission to update matching refs.

### Input fields for `UpdateParametersInput`

* `updateAllowsFetchAndMerge` (Boolean!): Branch can pull changes from its upstream repository.

## UpdatePatreonSponsorabilityInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdatePatreonSponsorability.

### Input fields for `UpdatePatreonSponsorabilityInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `enablePatreonSponsorships` (Boolean!): Whether Patreon tiers should be shown on the GitHub Sponsors profile page,
  allowing potential sponsors to make their payment through Patreon instead of GitHub.
* `sponsorableLogin` (String): The username of the organization with the GitHub Sponsors profile, if any.
  Defaults to the GitHub Sponsors profile for the authenticated user if omitted.

## UpdateProjectCardInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateProjectCard.

### Input fields for `UpdateProjectCardInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `isArchived` (Boolean): Whether or not the ProjectCard should be archived.
* `note` (String): The note of ProjectCard.
* `projectCardId` (ID!): The ProjectCard ID to update.

## UpdateProjectColumnInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateProjectColumn.

### Input fields for `UpdateProjectColumnInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `name` (String!): The name of project column.
* `projectColumnId` (ID!): The ProjectColumn ID to update.

## UpdateProjectInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateProject.

### Input fields for `UpdateProjectInput`

* `body` (String): The description of project.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `name` (String): The name of project.
* `projectId` (ID!): The Project ID to update.
* `public` (Boolean): Whether the project is public or not.
* `state` (ProjectState): Whether the project is open or closed.

## UpdateProjectV2CollaboratorsInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateProjectV2Collaborators.

### Input fields for `UpdateProjectV2CollaboratorsInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `collaborators` (\[ProjectV2Collaborator!]!): The collaborators to update.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the project to update the collaborators for.

## UpdateProjectV2DraftIssueInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateProjectV2DraftIssue.

### Input fields for `UpdateProjectV2DraftIssueInput`

* `assigneeIds` (\[ID!]): The IDs of the assignees of the draft issue.
* `body` (String): The body of the draft issue.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `draftIssueId` (ID!): The ID of the draft issue to update.
* `title` (String): The title of the draft issue.

## UpdateProjectV2FieldInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateProjectV2Field.

### Input fields for `UpdateProjectV2FieldInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `fieldId` (ID!): The ID of the field to update.
* `iterationConfiguration` (ProjectV2IterationFieldConfigurationInput): Configuration for a field of type ITERATION. Empty input is ignored, provided
  values overwrite the existing configuration, and existing configuration should
  be fetched for partial updates.
* `name` (String): The name to update.
* `singleSelectOptions` (\[ProjectV2SingleSelectFieldOptionInput!]): Options for a field of type SINGLE\_SELECT. Empty input is ignored, provided
  values overwrite existing options, and existing options should be fetched for
  partial updates.

## UpdateProjectV2Input

Autogenerated input type of UpdateProjectV2.

### Input fields for `UpdateProjectV2Input`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `closed` (Boolean): Set the project to closed or open.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the Project to update.
* `public` (Boolean): Set the project to public or private.
* `readme` (String): Set the readme description of the project.
* `shortDescription` (String): Set the short description of the project.
* `title` (String): Set the title of the project.

## UpdateProjectV2ItemFieldValueInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateProjectV2ItemFieldValue.

### Input fields for `UpdateProjectV2ItemFieldValueInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `fieldId` (ID!): The ID of the field to be updated.
* `itemId` (ID!): The ID of the item to be updated.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the Project.
* `value` (ProjectV2FieldValue!): The value which will be set on the field.

## UpdateProjectV2ItemPositionInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateProjectV2ItemPosition.

### Input fields for `UpdateProjectV2ItemPositionInput`

* `afterId` (ID): The ID of the item to position this item after. If omitted or set to null the item will be moved to top.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `itemId` (ID!): The ID of the item to be moved.
* `projectId` (ID!): The ID of the Project.

## UpdateProjectV2StatusUpdateInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateProjectV2StatusUpdate.

### Input fields for `UpdateProjectV2StatusUpdateInput`

* `body` (String): The body of the status update.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `startDate` (Date): The start date of the status update.
* `status` (ProjectV2StatusUpdateStatus): The status of the status update.
* `statusUpdateId` (ID!): The ID of the status update to be updated.
* `targetDate` (Date): The target date of the status update.

## UpdatePullRequestBranchInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdatePullRequestBranch.

### Input fields for `UpdatePullRequestBranchInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `expectedHeadOid` (GitObjectID): The head ref oid for the upstream branch.
* `pullRequestId` (ID!): The Node ID of the pull request.
* `updateMethod` (PullRequestBranchUpdateMethod): The update branch method to use. If omitted, defaults to 'MERGE'.

## UpdatePullRequestInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdatePullRequest.

### Input fields for `UpdatePullRequestInput`

* `assigneeIds` (\[ID!]): An array of Node IDs of users for this pull request.
* `baseRefName` (String): The name of the branch you want your changes pulled into. This should be an existing branch
  on the current repository.
* `body` (String): The contents of the pull request.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `labelIds` (\[ID!]): An array of Node IDs of labels for this pull request.
* `maintainerCanModify` (Boolean): Indicates whether maintainers can modify the pull request.
* `milestoneId` (ID): The Node ID of the milestone for this pull request.
* `projectIds` (\[ID!]): An array of Node IDs for projects associated with this pull request.
* `pullRequestId` (ID!): The Node ID of the pull request.
* `state` (PullRequestUpdateState): The target state of the pull request.
* `title` (String): The title of the pull request.

## UpdatePullRequestReviewCommentInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdatePullRequestReviewComment.

### Input fields for `UpdatePullRequestReviewCommentInput`

* `body` (String!): The text of the comment.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `pullRequestReviewCommentId` (ID!): The Node ID of the comment to modify.

## UpdatePullRequestReviewInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdatePullRequestReview.

### Input fields for `UpdatePullRequestReviewInput`

* `body` (String!): The contents of the pull request review body.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `pullRequestReviewId` (ID!): The Node ID of the pull request review to modify.

## UpdateRefInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateRef.

### Input fields for `UpdateRefInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `force` (Boolean): Permit updates of branch Refs that are not fast-forwards?.
* `oid` (GitObjectID!): The GitObjectID that the Ref shall be updated to target.
* `refId` (ID!): The Node ID of the Ref to be updated.

## UpdateRefsInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateRefs.

### Input fields for `UpdateRefsInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `refUpdates` (\[RefUpdate!]!): A list of ref updates.
* `repositoryId` (ID!): The Node ID of the repository.

## UpdateRepositoryCustomPropertyInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateRepositoryCustomProperty.

### Input fields for `UpdateRepositoryCustomPropertyInput`

* `allowedValues` (\[String!]): The updated allowed values for the custom property.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `defaultValue` (String): The updated default value for the custom property if the property is required.
* `description` (String): The updated description of the custom property.
* `regex` (String): The regex pattern that the value of the custom property must match, if the value\_type is string.
* `repositoryCustomPropertyId` (ID!): The global relay id of the source of the custom property.
* `requireExplicitValues` (Boolean): Whether this repository custom property requires explicit values.
* `required` (Boolean): Whether the updated custom property is required.
* `valuesEditableBy` (RepositoryCustomPropertyValuesEditableBy): The updated actors who can edit the values of the custom property.

## UpdateRepositoryInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateRepository.

### Input fields for `UpdateRepositoryInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `description` (String): A new description for the repository. Pass an empty string to erase the existing description.
* `hasDiscussionsEnabled` (Boolean): Indicates if the repository should have the discussions feature enabled.
* `hasIssuesEnabled` (Boolean): Indicates if the repository should have the issues feature enabled.
* `hasProjectsEnabled` (Boolean): Indicates if the repository should have the project boards feature enabled.
* `hasPullRequestsEnabled` (Boolean): Indicates if the repository should have the pull requests feature enabled.
* `hasSponsorshipsEnabled` (Boolean): Indicates if the repository displays a Sponsor button for financial contributions.
* `hasWikiEnabled` (Boolean): Indicates if the repository should have the wiki feature enabled.
* `homepageUrl` (URI): The URL for a web page about this repository. Pass an empty string to erase the existing URL.
* `name` (String): The new name of the repository.
* `pullRequestCreationPolicy` (PullRequestCreationPolicy): The policy controlling who can create pull requests in this repository.
* `repositoryId` (ID!): The ID of the repository to update.
* `template` (Boolean): Whether this repository should be marked as a template such that anyone who
  can access it can create new repositories with the same files and directory structure.

## UpdateRepositoryRulesetInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateRepositoryRuleset.

### Input fields for `UpdateRepositoryRulesetInput`

* `bypassActors` (\[RepositoryRulesetBypassActorInput!]): A list of actors that are allowed to bypass rules in this ruleset.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `conditions` (RepositoryRuleConditionsInput): The list of conditions for this ruleset.
* `enforcement` (RuleEnforcement): The enforcement level for this ruleset.
* `name` (String): The name of the ruleset.
* `repositoryRulesetId` (ID!): The global relay id of the repository ruleset to be updated.
* `rules` (\[RepositoryRuleInput!]): The list of rules for this ruleset.
* `target` (RepositoryRulesetTarget): The target of the ruleset.

## UpdateRepositoryWebCommitSignoffSettingInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateRepositoryWebCommitSignoffSetting.

### Input fields for `UpdateRepositoryWebCommitSignoffSettingInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `repositoryId` (ID!): The ID of the repository to update.
* `webCommitSignoffRequired` (Boolean!): Indicates if the repository should require signoff on web-based commits.

## UpdateSponsorshipPreferencesInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateSponsorshipPreferences.

### Input fields for `UpdateSponsorshipPreferencesInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `privacyLevel` (SponsorshipPrivacy): Specify whether others should be able to see that the sponsor is sponsoring
  the sponsorable. Public visibility still does not reveal which tier is used.
* `receiveEmails` (Boolean): Whether the sponsor should receive email updates from the sponsorable.
* `sponsorId` (ID): The ID of the user or organization who is acting as the sponsor, paying for
  the sponsorship. Required if sponsorLogin is not given.
* `sponsorLogin` (String): The username of the user or organization who is acting as the sponsor, paying
  for the sponsorship. Required if sponsorId is not given.
* `sponsorableId` (ID): The ID of the user or organization who is receiving the sponsorship. Required if sponsorableLogin is not given.
* `sponsorableLogin` (String): The username of the user or organization who is receiving the sponsorship. Required if sponsorableId is not given.

## UpdateSubscriptionInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateSubscription.

### Input fields for `UpdateSubscriptionInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `state` (SubscriptionState!): The new state of the subscription.
* `subscribableId` (ID!): The Node ID of the subscribable object to modify.

## UpdateTeamReviewAssignmentInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateTeamReviewAssignment.

### Input fields for `UpdateTeamReviewAssignmentInput`

* `algorithm` (TeamReviewAssignmentAlgorithm): The algorithm to use for review assignment.
* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `countMembersAlreadyRequested` (Boolean): Count any members whose review has already been requested against the required number of members assigned to review.
* `enabled` (Boolean!): Turn on or off review assignment.
* `excludedTeamMemberIds` (\[ID!]): An array of team member IDs to exclude.
* `id` (ID!): The Node ID of the team to update review assignments of.
* `includeChildTeamMembers` (Boolean): Include the members of any child teams when assigning.
* `notifyTeam` (Boolean): Notify the entire team of the PR if it is delegated.
* `removeTeamRequest` (Boolean): Remove the team review request when assigning.
* `teamMemberCount` (Int): The number of team members to assign.

## UpdateTeamsRepositoryInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateTeamsRepository.

### Input fields for `UpdateTeamsRepositoryInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `permission` (RepositoryPermission!): Permission that should be granted to the teams.
* `repositoryId` (ID!): Repository ID being granted access to.
* `teamIds` (\[ID!]!): A list of teams being granted access. Limit: 10.

## UpdateTopicsInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateTopics.

### Input fields for `UpdateTopicsInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `repositoryId` (ID!): The Node ID of the repository.
* `topicNames` (\[String!]!): An array of topic names.

## UpdateUserListInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateUserList.

### Input fields for `UpdateUserListInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `description` (String): A description of the list.
* `isPrivate` (Boolean): Whether or not the list is private.
* `listId` (ID!): The ID of the list to update.
* `name` (String): The name of the list.

## UpdateUserListsForItemInput

Autogenerated input type of UpdateUserListsForItem.

### Input fields for `UpdateUserListsForItemInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `itemId` (ID!): The item to add to the list.
* `listIds` (\[ID!]!): The lists to which this item should belong.
* `suggestedListIds` (\[ID!]): The suggested lists to create and add this item to.

## UserStatusOrder

Ordering options for user status connections.

### Input fields for `UserStatusOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (UserStatusOrderField!): The field to order user statuses by.

## VerifiableDomainOrder

Ordering options for verifiable domain connections.

### Input fields for `VerifiableDomainOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The ordering direction.
* `field` (VerifiableDomainOrderField!): The field to order verifiable domains by.

## VerifyVerifiableDomainInput

Autogenerated input type of VerifyVerifiableDomain.

### Input fields for `VerifyVerifiableDomainInput`

* `clientMutationId` (String): A unique identifier for the client performing the mutation.
* `id` (ID!): The ID of the verifiable domain to verify.

## WorkflowFileReferenceInput

A workflow that must run for this rule to pass.

### Input fields for `WorkflowFileReferenceInput`

* `path` (String!): The path to the workflow file.
* `ref` (String): The ref (branch or tag) of the workflow file to use.
* `repositoryId` (Int!): The ID of the repository where the workflow is defined.
* `sha` (String): The commit SHA of the workflow file to use.

## WorkflowRunOrder

Ways in which lists of workflow runs can be ordered upon return.

### Input fields for `WorkflowRunOrder`

* `direction` (OrderDirection!): The direction in which to order workflow runs by the specified field.
* `field` (WorkflowRunOrderField!): The field by which to order workflows.

## WorkflowsParametersInput

Require all changes made to a targeted branch to pass the specified workflows before they can be merged.

### Input fields for `WorkflowsParametersInput`

* `doNotEnforceOnCreate` (Boolean): Allow repositories and branches to be created if a check would otherwise prohibit it.
* `workflows` (\[WorkflowFileReferenceInput!]!): Workflows that must pass for this rule to pass.